how do i filter a appeal by a yesno type attribute?
Help me make this bash script pretty, or just less ghastly
How should I remove all items from an NSTableView controlled by NSArrayController?
Apache module FORM handling in C
How do you install GHC into Cygwin or point Cygwin to GHC?
how would i pick one node randomly from n no. of nodes,i have n random no. of nodes with x and y co-ordinates .(IN MATLAB)
How to use NSURLRequest with non-static content?
Drupal user_hook in custom module
Is it possible to use analyic functions in Hibernate?
Does Scala run on GWT?
SharePoint: How to get Top 5 records by using CAML query from a list.
Recommended online resources for learning bash scripting
How do I use Haskell's FFI on structs?
Eclipse's tab double click on Visual Studio?
equals and hashcode in Hibernate
How do you handle resources in Matlab in an exception safe manner?
Is there a built-in more elegant way of filtering-and-mapping a collection by element type?
how to get/set unique id for cubicle in excel via vba
Scala: How do I dynamically instantiate an object and invoke a method using reflection?
new page in backend in  magento
How well does java and scala Work together?
[Haskell] Equivalent expressions produce different results in a function?
Performing part of a IQueryable query and deferring the rest to Linq for Objects
How to read all values in an array returned by a PHP file using AJAX?
unrecognized selector sent to instance with a drawer
Use Preferences menu item.
Any bad experiences with xp-dev.com?
How should a custom view update a model object?
What's the next step to learning Haskell after monads?
Custom Build Numbering in Visual Studio
Updating a QProgressDialog with a QFuture
Define Self referencing scala class(recrusive class)
How can I stop Visual Studio (both 2005 and 2008) from crashing (sometimes) when I select the "Close All But This" option?
Infrared image processing in Matlab
Scala project does not automatically build in Eclipse
Oracle "Partition By" Keyword
Interface-Builder outlets causing odd display behaviour
mass convert excel files into tab delimted text files
why does running a playscript from sqlplus not require a password?
how do i include cry to methods only present in one operating system adaptation when compiling for multiple versions?
Qt: QImage always saves transparent color as black.
What is the best method for creating your own Wordpress loops?
I can't create New Project on Visual Web Developer 2008 Express
Can this be done by sed?
Magento get number of products for a price range
Address Bar in Cocoa Based Web Browser
Can you grant privileges to an oracle cluster object?
What is a common idiom for converting between Integral types?
Open create content form modal and refresh view display in Drupal
How to filter a product collection using 2 category filters?
Displaying Excel in AxFramerControl control - refresh issues
HTML/Javascript app that runs on the filesystem, security issue
Return Enumerable value from Class in linq?
Nuking huge file in svn repository
How to reuse existing connection in Open Session In view pattern implementation of Hibernate?
Way to do radio buttons in Qt 4.4.3 menus
Bulk inserts with Spring / Hibernate
Avoiding implicit def ambiguity in Scala
Seeing a combined diff of many commits in subversion ?
Using python scripts in subversion hooks on windows
com.finder.desktopservices asks for admin password when copying files
Wordpress post sync / publish to production
Excel: Changing right click menu above autoshapes.
Image drawing library for Haskell?
application-context.xml problem for Spring ActionScript
C framework like Qt ?
shell script templates
on submit action
is it stupid to write a large pot processing program entirely in pl/sql?
Popup blocked, jquery window.open in success: AJAX? outside ok.
Configuring MOSS and Reporting Services on a Domain Controller
How to tell Apache ignore/block 404 error and redirect to hander page?
WordPress Post Date Changes On Update
Oracle adds NULL Byte (ASCII: 0) to varchar2 string
How do I get a list of files that have been added to the SVN since a certain date?
Ajax File download Issue
belt tool to parse csv files
Where and When to use LINQ?
Simplifying a complicated Cocoa-Touch View Controller
Should a Apache server extension be created or create a server from scratch?
Making an NSAlert be displayed when the User attempts to delete a row from an NSOutlineView when it has children.
@Secured()      is there any statement show on log...?
MS-Excel:  How to show the value of a combo box inside a locked cell.
How to get OpenID authentication on SharePoint Services?
Contextual Menu Item development for OSX (Leopard and Snow Leopard)
LINQ to SQL and Data Projection, MVC
Mac os help browser fails requiring internet connection
Request a resource with percent sign in path
What is the best way to store a 16 Ã— (2^20) matrix in matlab?
Hiberate problems, jdbc IDENTITY_INSERT is set to OFF
Bash reg-exp substitution
Generating Member for labels:  Any reason I should?
How to change behaviour of QMainWindow / QDockWidget separator
query an xdocument for element by name at any depth
Do you use any of the features in the various Visual Studio 2008 Team editions?
How to programmatically cancel an embedded MsBuild build
Why are my file permissions on Apache being reset?
Is there a Visual Studio shortcut for replacing the beginning and ending tag name in XAML/XML/HTML at once?
having spring bonce properties refreshed automatically from properties file
magento - edit sidebar naviagtion on customer's report dashboard
How much overhead do frameworks like Hibernate bring?
Help needed in implimenting control in QT
How do I set specific environment variables when debugging in Visual Studio?
How to deal with a flaw in System.Data.DataTableExtensions.CopyToDataTable()
How mature is PHP:SVN
Magento Trying to set the session id to programmitcally add to cart
MATLAB image corner coordinates & referncing to cell arrays
How can I make a program start up automatically in OSX?
Preferences Window Problem (Once Open And Closed, Will Not Open Again)
How to determine if a table has been accessed in the last month?
Wrap rows in Excel
How to stop Excel to prompt to reopen a workbook.
changing mac keychain countersign programatically?
Automating builds from subversion tags
drupal rules adding field information to referenced node without replacing existing data
how do i specify multiple interfaces when registering a year in the ajax client script?
How best to export native data to Excel without introducing dependency on Office?
dynamically look up column name for a table while in an sql enquiry
Nested Group by in LINQ
How to implement pagination is spring mvc 3
How do I create a Sharepoint list via a feature receiver and an existing list template
What is the relationship between unboxed types and strictness?
How should I store old dates in SharePoint?
MATLAB: element-wise array replication according to a count
SPSiteDataQuery problem with Eq on Number fields
Clean URL Redirect Loop
stored procedure & linq, dmbl file unable to interpret the result solidification
Counta behavior in countifs
SharePoint List Column Today's Date
Avoiding too many configurations for a Visual Studio project
Best way to reload parts of a form
magento 1.3.1 undefined alert error
How to re-show main window after closed in Cocoa ?
Apache rewrite certain urls to seperate part of codebase
Enable anonymous Access (svnserv)
linqpad characteristic - does vs do this?
What is the reasoning behind the recommended layout for Subversion repositories?
Breaking a cell if it contains a newline character
simple Haskell question
how to export a part of svn depositary with dependencies?
exercise on haskell, case definition, and guards.
EXCEL Formula or VBA To Extract Data Based on Another Cell's Data
Issues Setting up a reverse proxy in Apache
QPixmap of a QGraphicsTextItem
Has someone recent and trusted news about Linq to XSD?
Is there any way to observe change in Database table throught Hibernate?
Linq to SQL how to do "where [column] in (list of values)"
Can I insert multiple copies of a widget in a form at runtime?
local variable inside the loop issue
Get result of a JS file directly? (sorta AJAX related)
How can I tell if Voice Over is turned on in System Preferences?
which agency to go in linux (qt or kdevelop)
Suggestions for maintaining Visual Studio vcproj project files in version control
Monitor filesystem activity of a child process on OS X with normal user privileges
Setting A Header Image for a Wordpress Page and all its children
How to remove a file/folder from a SVN repository and add to ignore list
Using different Web.config in development and production environment
Unit Test to verify object getting deallocated
Bash arrays: Need help with white space
svn mergeinfo properties on path other than the working copy root
Strange error checking if directory exists with Bash script
Visual Studio - view type from metadata
Revovering from Subversion corruption
How to manage an AJAX based 'like/dislike' feature?
How to make Error List window automatically active during compilation in visual studio?
Weird VS2008 Intelliesense problem
How to find out when an Oracle table was updated the last time
MATLAB: Question about minimizing a function containing an integral
Why is this Option transformed to a String? [Scala]
Wordpress - call the functions in specific order
sharing spring security configuration between covering
magento - change theme in newsletter subscription success email?
Drupal Source Control Strategy?
Haskell: Constrain function on type Double to only work with Integers
Haskell n-ary tree traversal
Help with Excel VBScript - fill columns with data
Hibernate clear collection with all-delete-orphan and then add to it causes ConstraintViolationException
What access does Apache 2.0 need in Windows Server 2003 in order to start as a service?
Mapping a list in hibernate by ordering instead of an index-field
Count unique values in Excel
SharePoint: Why does a content deployment job customize all my master pages?
Is there a way to encode a URL in velocity template
scala giving me "illegal offset of definition"
excel: putting together two different complex formulas (unique distinct inclination & split)
How to Write OS X Finder plugin
How to set author name for subversion when i'm using svn:keywords
Is it possible to use VS2008 built libraries from a VS2003 solution?
Signals dont get emitted
saving setting in matlab
Visual Studio "Find" results in "No files were found to look in. Find stopped progress."
How to check for empty array in vba macro
Excel formula to refrence 'CELL TO THE LEFT'
Is there any way to sticky a file in subversion
Embedding search results (or tagged products) in a Magento CMS page
Scala traits vs abstract classes
Explorer view on a non-SharePoint page
How does the Mac Web Dash board app work?
Database Results in Cocoa
svn - how to make an older revision the nous revision?
Aggregate LINQ results
Why do my exception stack traces always point to the last method line?
How to create List from Range
Renaming keys in NSMutableDictionary
Concatenating a list of numbers into one integer in haskell
why do my wordpress gossip have the wrong date?
How to add vectors with different length?
cannot connect to svn host (svnserve)
Creating a virtual, data-driven section of a Wordpress-powered site
redirect 404 to another area with apache?
how to create & call slot in other category than mainwindow?
what's event that visual studio 2008 do after office anatomy event?
Implementing AJAX in Sharepoint
Subversion ignoring "--password" and "--username" options
AJAX (prototype/php) running 2 ajax process hangs until first one is finished
Qt RTTI trouble
Unmounting removable drive in AIR 2 beta
how do I add a test web service to my project in Visual Studio?
Matlab - binary vector with high concentration of 1s (or 0s)
magento _redirect with parameters that have + or /
LINQ vs stored procedures?
Default News Feed on Visual Studio Start Page (C# Profile)
How to handle authentication through AJAX with a java web app that uses form based login
Data extraction with Excel
Alternate method to kron
Spring Application Context Switch at Runtime
Changing the type of an entity preserving its ID
default news feed on visual studio kickoff page (c# profile)
Issues with Cufon in Magento
Free oracle development tools.
Storing Feature Configuration within Sharepoint
Apache rewrite with many slash not working?
Need some Drupal best practive guidance.
Python - Virtualenv , python 3?
create a "products listing" page that embeds a context-aware view of specific type of merchandise
how would you make a text cell in a an outline survey show how many children the parent row has?
matlab: binomial distribution
Drupal vs ExpressionEngine for any kind of project from simple commercial site to complex ecommerce portals.
understanding hibernate first level cache
reinitilise a compass in excel / vba
How to get blocks/grand central dispatch working in Snow Leopard
making a Macro that exports chosen columns to a new file
How Does WordPress Block Search Engines?
Magento - Paypal Express 404 Error
Does spring form taglib disabled attribute really have to resolve to a string?
libusb preferred method on mac os x to access usb device?
Read only "N" bytes from a file in Cocoa
Detecting cyclic behaviour in Haskell
Where is the Visual Studio layout saved?
Disable Hibernate auto update on flush on read only synonyms
Can't stop Hibernate from writing log to console (log4j.properties is ok)
truncate output in BASH
How to change the default parameters for newfit() in MATLAB?
Does Qt provide a class that represents an IP address?
What does the option "convert to web application" do if I select it in visual studio?
Removing contents of PlaceHolderPageTitleInTitleArea
Haskell 64 bit numerical type
Magento ACL configuration
How to use dependencies of C++ libs in Visual Studio regarding the header path
Form is removed from AJAX response
Wordpress get_post_meta
How would you optimize the
What is the difference between "AS" and "IS" in an Oracle stored procedure?
How do I get the Haskell Platform's ghc-pkg to work on MAC OSX
QT Eclipse Integration - Adding External Libs
How to make Oracle error messages more verbose?
Linq and DeleteAllOnSubmit pain
How do I react when somebody tries to guess admin directiories on my website?
What do you do about references when unloading a project in Visual Studio?
Implementing result paging in hibernate
display items from another site in my web site using Magento
How do I conditionally add a line to Apache  .htaccess based on the domain?
I can't "Create or Extend Web Application" in SharePoint?
Select count(*) from multiple tables
Hibernate Map Mapping Problem
bash and filenames with spaces
Haskell: looking up the second value of a tuple in a list based on the first value
Assigning random colors per session, for chat
how to modify "summary view" in sharepoint list www part?
haskell network io hgetline
something like ejb wiring in springtime for non ejb's
Making Excel functions affect 'other' cells
why does ghc infer type of `io b` for an diligence of `hsetbuffering`?
Database-sessions in Spring
MATLAB testing framework
When is the cache updated in the CrossListQueryCache?
What are the precise rules for when you can omit parenthesis, dots, braces, = (functions) etc?
Need help in resolving error in predicates for And operator in LINQ
Help Constructing an Oracle SQL with Condition
what is a good record about svn?
Random line break showing up when .load() results display on page
Magento e-Commerce cannot generate reports
logging in scala
How to stop Visual Studio from automatically creating solution files
Oracle Trigger: raise_application_error
linq-to-sql how to prevent the manipulation of delete methods?
Where is the log file when I'm using svn+ssh?
Magento - Difference Between Import All Products/import Product Stock?
what is the best strategy to retrieve form data? client ajax / server
Timesheets: Retrieve data using SQL, LINQ or class?
Displaying partially Unicode encoded data via AJAX/innerHTML
Can I Omit <?php drupal_render($form); ?>
magento store - sql mistake
Help with hooks and taxonomies: Modifying the posts query in wordpress?
How to use Mac OS X Cocoa events for multitouch gestures
ruby voice won't run on my mac
How can I tell how much memory a handle object uses in matlab
using apache rewrite to go from http to https and vice-versa, but i get a 302 response and my app fault out.
AJAX and prediction of actions.
sharepoint (wss) authentication across multiple domain
Properties editor design pattern?
Matlab - show strings and numbers together
Hibernate many-to-many association with the same entity
Get duration in AVAudioPlayer?
Magento XML layout
Hibernate - ManyToOne - Save - org.hibernate.TransientObjectException:
Is it worth the effort to move from a hand crafted hibernate mapping file to annotaions?
Lazy initialiazation of cache with Spring IBatis
iphone 3g mesh problem
Trouble with Ajax (creating a <select> dynamically..
What's the new way to iterate over a Java Map in Scala 2.8.0?
How to store information in a Excel WoorkBook
why does hibernate not find properties when unity have hibernate.cfg.xml in my default package classpath?
What project files shouldn't be checked into SVN
Call Scala code from Java?
Create and populate two-dimensional array in Scala
SVN merge merged extra stuff
How can I represent intervallic rules in Excel financial models?
How can i find XElement using linq
bash ps1 settings - how to get the current booklet back as the terminal title
Best practice for creating subversion repositories?
I need to develop a project involving hardware which should also work the same on Windows as well as Macs. Whats the way forward?
haskell character error: could not deduce (show a) arising from a use of `show' from the context (num a)
Error while generating a PDF file with Excel using C# in ASP.NET
NSButtonCell (NSSwitchButton) binded to BOOL value
How do sychronized static methods work in java?
module developing tutorial in drupal
Microsft Enterprise Search - FAST
User Profile Import - more than on Search Base
Finding a specific element in an NSArrayController
drupal how to see the query when the node is created or any contetn type is created
Oracle 10g express home page is not coming up
feeding a sharepoint document library documents stored on a network percentage
Create  user folders like userfolder/ticket and manage on a server in c#
problem when retrieve data from hibernate many to many relationship
Is there any Scala built-in class for capturing an external process's output?
Using ASP.Net ajax library for cross browser Xml manipulation
How to connect to Oracle from far Computer in LAN ?
(Lazy) LEFT OUTER JOIN using the Hibernate Criteria API
get log details for a specific alteration number in a post-commit hook with sharpsvn?
Best Way to Ajax-Control Table Rows
compare each element of row matrix with each element of other row matrix in matlab
scripting out vaticinator objects
QProgressbar and QNetworkReply signals
Oracle Query Optimization
Visual Studio Performance with External Hard Drive
Visual Studio 2008 Source Control Explorer with Subversion
about leaping beanfactory
hibernate workflow
SVN: Track merges
contentedness type custom document information panel
How can I configure Apache to map  /talk.html?id=77 to the file that is called talk.html?id=77  ?
jquery tab gives 404 sometimes when loading remote content
Static inner classes in scala
ASP .NET MVC  Ajax link that gets executed onmouseover
Wordpress the_author() and wp_get_archives() not working
Transfer MySQL to SQLite
removing the pulley-block "popular tags" from the index view in magento
LINQ to SQL Lookup table? Join perhaps? I'm lost... ;/
Ajax & Forms Question (Looking for Resources)
linq orderby clause is causing weird effect
Excel Macro - how to set X axis?
Is there a way of auto-generating feature.xml files for sharepoint development?
to find pointedness of intersection between straight lines & our figure in matlab
Sharepoint Navigation URL in All Capital Letters
bash, discovery files which contain numbers on filename
Better terminal in Mac OS X -- reversing the control and command key-mappings
How to solve QPixmap::fromImage memory leak?
How to hide zero values in bar3 plot in MATLAB
Best AJAX TreeView
Ajax and filenames - Best practicies
converting an Excel (xls) file to a comma separated (csv) file without the GUI
How to make Matlab xUnit work on Matlab R2008b (7.7)?
Run an external script as a particular Magento user
How to use SQLab Xpert Tuning to tune SQL for better performance?
cocoa + what ui factor should i use?
Integrating Several Drupal Sites
How can I send an HTTP POST request to a server from Excel using VBA?
Why can't I use job control in a bash script?
Is there a scala identity function?
A simple way to generate tones / sine waves on mac? (ruby would be nice)
Erlang's term_to_binary in Haskell?
How could I cache images that I'm pulling from a magento database through ajax?
Aspectj in spring
Escaped unicode to unicode character in Cocoa
City selection on UberCart checkout menu?
Ehcache / Hibernate and RMI replication with large number of entities
How to run processes piped with bash on multiple cores?
separation of presentation and business tiers with bounce
"wget --domains" not helping.. what am I doing wrong?
How can an object-oriented programmer get his/her head around database-driven programming?
key-value-observing a to-many kinship in cocoa
another simple Haskell question
In Visual Studio, when would I want to use the Test View?
Find and Remove some text in Excel Worksheet with c#
Running a PHP through Ajax on Unload
oracle: any substitute for dbms_output package?
Using predicates on an array controller to filter related objects
SharePoint: How do I create a new list from a list template?
Moving directories in subversion
competition random launching draw script
linq to xml performance - standalone test volt very large web application
Drupal - After each user log in, how to direct to each user's specific page?  - Thanks in Advance
How to Stop NTFS volume auto-mounting on OS X
Drupal/Ubercart ... node styling?
When to develop a new drupal module vs. work with what exists?
Have you found success with a Spring  and Hibernate Web Application
$Body_Classes Variable in Drupal
Querying ManyToMany relationship with Hibernate Criteria
mod_rewrite to find missing /img/foo.jpg in /img/f/
excel: how to create a turn in a column according to a text value in other column?
In Oracle, is it possible to "insert" a column into a table?
Differerence between hibernate types: boolean, yes_no, true_false
Scala: Pattern matching when one of two items meets some condition
WTFs of Sharepoint 2007, what we need to know ?
Source Unavailable under a OpenSource license
how to define leap datasource in controller ?
Hibernate HQL Query : How to set a Collection as a named parameter of a Query?
Page Layout does not appear in the page layouts list
how do you reading your database schema?
use personalized web part scene wss 3.0?
Understanding / Modeling forumals from Excel.
what leaping exactly is for?
Hibernate hql problem using case keyword
excel: what's the best fashion to get the value of a relative row but from a fixed column?
LINQ injecting Unicode Characters
Wordpress plugin for enhanced WYSIWYG image resizing?
bash: start multiple chained commands in background
Data Logging with Oracle (or any RDBMS)
Hibernate Error : Caused by: org.hibernate.NonUniqueObjectException: a different object with the same identifier value was already associated with the session:
Setting a header in apache
Drupal 6 - Permissions issue after migration
visual studio (2008) mixed mode project depencies. c-sharp task depends on c++ dll, but c++ dll is not getting re-built
qt::how to lower the textbook in a qspinbox
Installing Apache Web Server on 64 Bit Mac
Visual SVNServer with Trac
(Wordpress) Global variable to detect pagination?
If you can't change a variable's value in Haskell, how do you create data structures?
How to make a visual studio add-in that cannot be unloaded?
Hibernate multi user environment
magento, change subcategories styles
Find all .rpt files in VS solution
Bash scripting, checking for errors, logging
How can I make spotlight index markdown files?
How do I put a File (Excel) online (Apache Server) with Password Protection but with the Option for Users to alter the File and save the changes?
How do I execute a command from a specific directory with actually changing to that directory
dynamically display edit controller block menu item in sharepoint
Oracle Update Hangs
Uses for this bash filename extraction technique?
SQL last insert in Drupal. Is it really threadsafe?
update progress and it shows prototype while data is pulled from database. but need to block the screen
rhel/apache ssl.conf contour problem
Getting All categories in external page.
Resizing Mfc dialog with embeded QWinWidget
Searching views in Drupal
Is there anything like Haskell's 'maybe' function built into scala?
[bash] Escape a string for sed search pattern
Automatically add some Where clauses to a Linq Expression Tree
is there a prick that can display a svn repository visually ( i.e. pretty charts )?
Remove One Time Login System in Drupal Froget Password
How to tell if an Excel Workbook is protected
Oracle DB Mac Address or other unique identifier
Visual Studio Extension to map Solution Folders to Real Folders
approach denied problem in ajax
Any have a Visual Studio shortcut/macro for toggling break on handled/unhandled exceptions?
Encrypted web services connections and pk12 certificates
javac help document garbled on the terminal of mac
svn create tag problem
How does 'get' actually /get/ the initial state in Haskell?
Access bean name in custom method interceptor
How can this be done with (N)Hibernate?
how do i set a dependency on spring web help in my pom.xml
Drupal Custom Module - Menu Hook using Query String
should i checkout the full arm when performing only commits with subversion?
Bash comparing stored "boolean" value with what?
Composite id in hibernate+postgres breaks due to returned column order
Library for parsing Visual Studio Solution files?
App to Change Ldap Password for a JIRA/SVN server
How to set REMOTE_ADDR in apache before php is invoked
Help me find the reg-key which is preventing me from chaning excel macro security-level?
my client can't see any of merchandise - magento
Bash environment variables and finding installation directories
Performance data analysis in SharePoint
How to get Max String Length in every Column of a Datatable
Validating Registration Data with an External Identity Repository in Drupal
magento: getting an dimension of a nav filter item
protected sheets in excel servicing
IN Wordpress, .php files within the theme folder do not run, but return 404 error
cannot do 2nd level cache
How to Publish a SharePoint site on the internet
Hibernate template close transaction
Reloading Content of Ajax Tab
Hassle with Hibernate and Spring and Dynamic Proxies
Are merges in subversion more difficult than in Team Foundation System?
QVariant and qRegisterMetaType question
Viewstate error on SharePoint custom site page with SPGridView
wordpress -> showing custom data from child pages + pagination
Viewing the Visual SourceSafe log inside Visual Studio
Drupal: How to retrieve parent page's $node variable in a block using module_invoke()?
Is there a way how to run matlab script from specific line without gui?
Turning threaded, reverse chrono Drupal story comments into Reddit-style comments
Magento & Subversion (SVN) - Getting a Development Environment Started?
How to integrate ezComponents with magento
implementing a train year that does case insensitive comparisions in scala
Functional proofs (Haskell)
Linq: GetElementAt() equivalent for retrieving multiple items?
ways to call blocks within magento: createblock v layout xml file
Top ten ordering in Excel based on complex team rules
I already have PHP installed, what's the easiest (best) way to get GDLib installed?
How to do this in ADO.NET Entities Framework
spring not enforcing my method security annotations
Calendar + Events in Drupal 5
Adding Event to YUI Rich Text Editor
gnu filmdom running a bash init script
Retrieving the selected object in an NSOutlineView.
Is there a way to call a subfunction while in cell mode in matlab?
How can I initialize state in a hidden way in Haskell (like the PRNG does)?
C# Linq Group By issue, probably really easy!
LINQ Anonymous Types + MVC Views Help
recursivley traverse CIFS shares
Wordpress static pages: how to embed content into templates?
scala compiler error due to constructor parameter (property) having same name in both pedestal and derived class and used in derived method
BAsh Script -- logname validation
[MAGENTO] Index page is way too slow, what can I do?
Drupal: Custom Content Type validation
Is there anything I can do to make "help" load faster in Visual Studio 2008?
multiple wordpress installs, getting data from wp-2 while inside wp-1
Excel 2003 Charting: Chart Data Too Complex
cartel two counting queries into one boolean query
Copy always to output directory does not work
Entity Framework - dynamic sql
how to ask bash to wait for a solution and send a sigkill when it get it ?
Group by weekdays with Core Data
How to display configurable product in each color in product listing?
sharepoint onworkflowitemchanged is out of ascendency
Matlab "out of memory" error
do you think the spring webflow stream definition format would be suitable for externalising a network flow for a non leaping framework?
spring binding formmultiselect
magento advanced search not able to get proper price
Editing Excel Spreadsheets easily with the SDK
Is it possible to partially autowire a spring bean?
ls only these file types using grep
How to get linq result as string array?
Simple inter-proccess communication in Qt4
Storing a passwords in NSString without being readable in memory
Scala: How to "store" a function in a var?
Left outer Join with LINQ
Escaping spaces in mod_rewrite
Creating multiple forms in one jsp file. ModelAttributes have to always be set?
Disable Option-Enter line breaks in NSTextField?
linq to xml - get rid of blank xmlns
LINQ to SQL - select where text like string array
Oracle PL/SQL: Any benefits in changing PLSQL_CODE_TYPE from interpreted to native ?
How do I combine setting axes limits and zooming in a MATLAB plot?
Alias an URL in Apache in order to route requests on a certain URL through a PHP-script
Oracle Logon Protocol (O3LOGON) in 10g
magento onepage checkout problem
Oracle: how to add a text node into an existing element
Check whether application already running
Include directory in VS 2003
Is SecurityContextHolder thread safe?
MPEG-1 compression - producing macroblocks
Running spring program inside application server
Can I re-write my URLs like this and is it a good idea?
macosx: introducing postponement between paste and enter or between keystrokes
Idiomatic, classy, open-source examples of Cocoa Interfaces?
How Do I Retrieve The Class Name From Hibernate?
What options do I have for reading Excel files and evaluating formulas in C#, Java and PHP?
How to separate J2EE web application for apache and tomcat
leaping bean configuration
Error creating bean with name 'sessionFactory'
is it possible to limit the argument of text displayed in a sharepoint list view?
in-house projects: to stable waiver or not?
Visual Studio debugger tips&tricks (for C/C++ projects)
SharePoint searching external database
Ajax Response from  CGI program
Percentage of white pixel
nssavepanel: squelching the "confirm replace?" duologue
Hibernate and IDs
executing commands containing infinite in bash
In Scala, how does one write a class with a constructor, not all of whose arguments are class members ?
What is the best Ruby on Rails environment for a Visual Studio user?
drupal > views > exposed filter > submit on change
build argument lists containing whitespace for other commands
Should I use NSDecimalNumber to deal with money?
magento cutom module to edit product tab
Global image threshold in Matlab
Inspect contents of a basic, unencrypted UDIF DMG file
JSP or .ascx equivalent for Scala?
How to get permission to edit the file apache2.conf? [Ubuntu]
can excel interpret a cubicle as html?
Hibernate: ThreadLocalSessionContext: Already session bound on call to bind()
SVN config-file Question revisited
Drupal relative link problems moving from mydomain.com/test to mydomain.com
java.lang.IllegalArgumentException: Method must not be null
How do I set selection to Nothing when programming Excel using VBA?
What's an easy way to have terminal use a different color based on ssh host name?
Using MatLab to calculate signal:noise ratio
How to create an aspect on class, that is not a bean using Spring AOP?
mod-rewrite trouble (apache) with / slashes
INSERT LOW_PRIORITY or INSERT DELAYED in Hibernate
SharePoint List Subscriptions
Scala AST in Scala
How does Type Deduction work in Haskell?
NSScrollView Bar not scrolling through NSTableView rows
How do you find the amount of free space on a mounted volume using Cocoa?
Haddock for Cabal-installed modules?
Drupal: Sorting a view programmatically
Magento - Hide price and "Add to Wishlist" link in Category product list page
Hibernate + EhCache, keep missing the cache
How to get formcollection using ajax.actionlink
automatic mail alert to client on new products arrival in magento
How is SharePoint perceived in your Organisation?
How to iterate over arguments in bash script
How to make ensime work in windows?
awk without printing newline
Subclassing NSOutlineView
When should I use Scala's Array instead of one of the other collections?
Converting convex hull to binary mask
Need Help With AJAX-Enabled WCF Services (Please Look @ System.ServiceModel in Web.Config)
Does ODP.net close a ref cursor when the connection closes?
Change wording "Special Price" & "Regular Price" in Magento
Hibernate: How to make Hibernate delete records from child table when deleting parent if child is linked to parent with many-to-one?
Can I use Magento without the sales features? Or am I better off with a scratch build?
WordPress Plugin Coding Problem
Drupal 6 dynamic menu item
replacing trunk with limb in subversion
Howto Speedup Visual Studio(2005/2008) Toolbox initialization
Wordpress: Check if there are previous posts before displaying link
Oracle ORA-00600
Inverse lookup table
snap information from "qwidget"
Getting specific revision via http with VisualSVN Server
Haskell function composition
SQLite data into Excel?
Visual Studio 2005 crashes on start-up
How to generate a single translation file for a large Qt project?
AJAX request status returns 0
slipway to deal with arbitrarily large sets of an arbitrary number of items in excel
Linq SubmitChanges not updating decimal fields ... why?
Apache Django Mod_Wsgi Sessions Development Enviroment
Apache & JBoss use port 80 at the same time
Map virtual directory to another web server in apache
How to isolate causes of system hang on Unix/OSX
Rar command - ignore certain folders
Parallelize or vectorize all-against-all operation on a large number of matrices?
Align tab in QTabBar from left
In a bash script/command how can I make a PC beep noise, or play a sound file?
Visual Studio: default settings
Garbage Collection Crash using NSImage
Is it possible to coax Visual Studio 2008 into using italics for comments?
Scala equivalent to Haskell Monads
Get product link from Magento API
Automated Java to Scala source code conversion?
loading images from various rootage in qtwebkit
jdbcTemplate hangs on long update
How can I categorize the content types on the Drupal "Create content" page (/node/add)
how to check if a string has spaces in bash case
Oracle: How to create an element in a specific namespace with XMLElement()
linq error invalid column name on grouping by sum.
hyperlink to a sheet in excel
Spring MVC defaultValue for Double
Spring - Redirect after POST (even with validation errors)
how do i tell vs 2008 to stop putting byte-order stain in front of my files?
Sorting 2-D array in matlab w.r.t one column
MATLAB: Can axes tick labels be accesed as text objects?
Wordpress - using 'get_post' to select only those posts that are in two specified cats at once.
SharePoint exception documentation
how to pass chain as function argument in matlab ?
Bash script for downloading files with Curl
Wordpress error?
format code from ide ( VS2008)
Hibernate search API with 2 tables
Node titles as menu items in drupal
adding price rules to magento products
Bash init.d script detect that mysqld has started and is running
How do you remove inline styles in Wordpress?
Linking error: Undefined Symbols, lots of them (cpp cross compiling)
Mocking and IQueriable<T>
Negate Unsigned Number in Bash
Qt signals and slots - are they intended for GUI only or for entire app architecture?
Spring Roo how to maintain state between commands
Sort subgroups of lines with command-line tools
Wordpress loop > unique loop renders slightly wrong results...
Touch files from Z->A with a delay
DataContext.CreateDatabase Attribute problem
Java/JAXB error in Matlab when using unmarshal function
Simple Drupal sub-themeing...what am I doing wrong...?
Which CodePlex/Google code project to study in order by learn SharePoint best practices
Apache .htaccess mod_rewrite and clean urls
Magento - How do I create a shopping cart price rule automatically?
How to mock a method with functional arguments in Scala?
How can I delay one feed in wordpress but not the others?
What are your motivations for developing Software for Mac OSX?
How should asp.net(mvc) server return error to jquery ajax call to be caught in error callback?
Starting PackageMaker from Spotlight
How to get back a file my SVN client deleted?
Callback for Button in QtCreator?
Is scala.net production ready?
Making a URL W3C valid AND work in Ajax Request
Modifying SharePoint System Files
What is the algorithm to covert an Excel Column Letter into its Number?
Magento validation problem
asp.net mvc development putz
Redirecting audio output
Hibernate: page results AND know the result size
serialize oracle run-in to xml
changing search-dirs for $ sudo gcc
Is it possible to bind the null placeholder in Cocoa?
How can I set up a network 'reference directory/folder' with Subversion?
matlab: get variable case
Matlab: how to create a  cell-array in Matlab from this type of  data
What is being passed in?
spring classloader isolation problem on jboss
Hibernate - How to cascade delete on detached objects
Database Diagramming tool for OSX?
How can I load an image saved in database to Visual Studio ReportViewer 2008?
How can i add register link in the top links in magento
what is the difference between the project and svn workingdirectory config blockage in cruisecontrol.net
How to learn Haskell
Drupal Performance - Sudden user burst
best way to select the id of the matching rowing with the most recent timestamp
how can i admission specific subsets of a large nsdictionary in cocoa?
Spring - StackOverflowError in Bean creation
Creating an .exe file from an excel spreadsheet
Haskell - how to write array to file?
bash/mysql complains about ) character
Apache modrewrite .htaccess question
htaccess rewrite
is there an covering that does two manner sync of magento and a billing software?
Drupal - showing forums on the left side bar
Database history for client usage
Apache mod-rewrite redirect domain name using querystring
Get istance of Excel application with C# by Handle
Matlab - plot multiple data sets on a scatter plot
Using Matlab to find maxima for data with a lot of noise
Ajax problems in IE/Firefox
where should I store CSS files in a sharepoint install?
Oracle 10g - optomize WHERE IS NOT NULL
quick agency to insert interface methods to a class in visual studio 2005
when using @transactional do i need to use jpatemplate/hibernatetemplate ?
one-to-many mapping // how to map an association of legacy tables (Hibernate)
matlab : frequence distribution
designing Panels without a parent Form in VS?
Loading my private key for use in git on Mac
How do I refresh the relationships in a dataset?
drupal add static linkup to a view
Is it possible to return IEnumerable of anonymous objects from DataContext.ExecuteQuery?
Error commiting data in subversion
How can I calculate the mean of all months until now?
localhost working 127.0.0.1 broken in Safari
A Maven2 mojo that uses Hibernate: how to control logging?
How do I record timetamps in a MacOSX C++ program?
Removing javascript created content...
How do you use shell script variables as arguments to sed?
mod_rewrite Rule to Cover All Domains
How to allow only certain files in Apache
Qt question to fullscreen flash application
Apache gives me 403 Access Forbidden when DocumentRoot points to two different drives
Magento local.xml layout file - overriding <remove name="left"/>
Using WebServiceTemplate with a keystore
Loading multiple images in Matlab
Alternative to binaries in Subversion
Matlab Magical Mystery timing behavior
How to match string/dir in a path using bash scripting
Making a Method happen every 60 seconds when the App is running.
script to backup svn repository to web share
Drupal 6: Modifying uid of a submitted node
Structural Type Dispatch in Scala
How to extract leaf nodes from Oracle XMLTYPE
Unlocking a SVN working copy which has unversioned resources
Keep track of the program variables in Haskell like imperative programs
importing c++ data types to haskell with ffi
Are there tools that would be suitable for maintaining a changelog for a Cabal Haskell package?
Excel XML Line Feeds in Fields
BASH: Possible to abort shell script if any command returns a non-zero value?
how to list wordpress categories by alphabet ?
Disjoint Union in LINQ
Visual Studio color settings for better eye
PID of last started process in Bash-Script
at which item in the life of an xmlhttprequest object is serialised xml parsed into a dom?
blog post content via url parameters (meta) in wordpress
fuss with nsdecimalnumber's decimalnumberbydividingby: withbehavior:
Wordpress custom post_type templates
linq operators like in
Should frameworks be put in /Library/Frameworks or in the application bundle when putting multiple applications in one bundle
how do i get output to show up in the content pane of the error list for visual studio 2005?
output library labor xml to asp.net binful folder on build?
Magento product's category
Ajax synchronous callbacks
How to connect a Windows client to an OSX Server with AFP
my leap aop not working
Bash Menu:  Return to menu after selection made and executed?
Haskell Convert Byte String To UTC Time
Flag itersection of two lists using LINQ
Demanging typeclass functions in GHC profiler output
F# VS Haskell, Which is better for general purpose programming?
OSX API Question: Where does BlockZero live?
debug output of game objects in Haskell/Yampa and HOOD
How to show ajax loading gif animation while the page is loading?
SecurityException when making ajax call from only a certain machine?
Is it possible to curry the other way around in Scala?
Getting my webapp to be database agnostic with Hibernate...
Can someone explain this article about enforcing race safety in Scala.
when does spring create representative of objects that are injected
Tips and tricks for working with Microsoft Visual Studio solutions and project
Fatal error: Call to a member function setActive() on a non-object
can I duplicate my nodes in Drupal ? (to later slightly change them)
How do I switch external css files with ajax?
haskell import problem
.NET Linq Join
How long do the magento session files need to be kept?
Is GHC able to tail-call optimize IO actions?
Dynamically manipulate Qt GUI
Magento: is there an API to mark an order as shipped?
how to search the file in the next level of the mac root ?
Magento clearing log data
why the sql query is different on that linq query when tally on c# and on vb.net?
What have all the AJAX frameworks to do with AJAX?
getting posts from wordpress to out of wp in codeigniter thought
Oracle NUMBER Comparisons
Cool SVN command tips and tricks and diff between files on the hard disk using SVN command
Preventing NaN from being persisted by Hibernate
Match URL link from input string
LInq - querying child collections
where is the template file for the countersign protected page in wordpress?
Displaying the current authenticated Sharepoint user from an asp.net Page Viewer Web Part
Apache / htaccess rewrite - From domain to subdomain
vba and private subprogram
Can you add values to an Oracle APEX Shuttle item using a textbox?
Presenting code on my personal website
Getting content: AJAX vs. "Regular" HTTP call
Sharepoint WebParts
image upload problem
Looking for a tutorial and/or example for the following: Annotation based Spring 3 with JPA and/or hibernate
how do you set a directory to have persistent grouping permissions?
Problem in running a script
seer 8i query help
How to click a button in a out-of-focus widget without changing the current focus to it
What is a good GUI text editor for the Mac?
Hibernate Spring Transactions
detecting the number of prophesier rows updated by a oci ocistmtexecute call
Can I decide where a Qaction is added to a Qmenubar
What are some of your favorite little known command-line tricks using Bash?
Qt conflicting with GLee
Why does Visual Studio keep building my C++ project?
Help required to optimize LINQ query
In Scala, what is the difference between using the `_` and using a named identifier?
Quadtree Decomposition - MATLAB
how can i search for values in a range of cells, in another long range of cells ?
Excel pivot table question - How to get subtotals for a row area field?
Wordpress how to prevent category and archive crawl and index
SVN Obliterate!
During Spring unit test, data written to db but test not seeing the data
spring xml config
Hibernate Object Identity Question
Are there any methods included in Scala to convert tuples to lists?
how to iterate over all the page breakage in an excel 2003 worksheet via com
source dominance for matlab
haskell: type classes dubiousness
Custom container requirement to work with Qt's foreach
Visual Studio 2008 Window layout annoyance
Is it possible from Spring to inject the result of calling a method on a ref bean?
how to get started with cocoa covering development?
Tool for improving your text in blog
Daubechies-4 Transform in MATLAB
Using Hibernate to do a query involving two tables
Ajax loading gif
How do you stop a Visual Studio generated web service proxy class from encoding?
Understanding mod_proxy and Apache 2 for writing a comet-server
Correctly over-loading a stringbuf to replace cout in a MATLAB mex file
Return a value from a insert statement.
How to use Linq to set attributes based on counter
Spring 3 DI using generic DAO interface
scala regex enable multiline pick
What are the ways to run a server side script forever?
Add spaces to the end of some Bash autocomplete options, but not to others?
Why use jQuery?
Recover files from old Subversion backup
How to use Hibernate Full Text Search
Construct XML with dynamic label and attributes in Scala?
Assigning figure size to a figure with a given handle (MATLAB)
whats the best agency to send qstrings in a function call?
how to scroll asp.net textbox to bottom
How to define Spring datasource in controller ?
Enabling mouse and paste support in command line vim
Better data stream reading in Haskell
recoverable class Fbd error(s)
F6 for compiling?
How can you tell if a directory is writeable in Objective-C?
Functions too fast? So they get skipped?
merchandise price issue
how does one get strings (not string literals) into blazehtml attributes/element contents?
bash: get list of commands starting with a given string
Comet applications without using IFrames
need help converting a nested sql argument to linq
scala eyeglasses don't exit when testing actors
Open string in app per drag'n'drop on icon
Using Scala, how does one differentiate XML elements having elements as children, or having text?
Drupal: using a view on a Page/Panel, prevent default listing of content
Qt WebKit Printing Shrink Factor
unique elements in a haskell list
how to shear image in matlab without using built in function?
initWithFrame not called, but awakeFromNib is
cannot do 2nd storey cache
need to write a plan to sanely configure a login shell
php / ajax remote_addr set to ip of bogus net adapter
How to Export/Import Toolbars in Visual Studio
Ajax cross domain question
ASP.NET => Spring Web Flow: How do I get up to speed fast?
best room to implement touchesmoved
Drupal - Including more than one user_profile_form on a page?
how can use leaping xml configuration to set a bean property with list of all beans of a certain type?
Attach existing VS.NET 2008 instance that's already debugging as JIT debugger
LINQ to SQL and object lifetimes, references vs. values
SVN and Visual Foxpro Databases
Special functions in Matlab
counting turn of occurences of token in a file
Checking if no elements in IEnumerable(Of T) - Linq element and quantifier operators
Excel Interop - Efficiency and performance
Issue with trying to Login to a https secure using apache commons httpclient class
A general way to get the front page of another language, in multi-lingual drupal?
magento customers insertion
Hibernate mapping for situation, where the the key is also used as many-to-one parameter
Drupal: losing images when moving site location;  placeholders point to old absolute path rather than relative path
Is there a way of selecting the contents of a ref cursor as part of a SQL Select statement?
how to create an oracle succession starting with max value from a table?
split edit windowpane in visual studio
[Haskell]Curious about the Hash Table problem
How do you instruct a SharePoint Farm to run a Timer Job on a specific server?
Can you recommend books for getting started with Web Development on a Mac?
excel macro to change unformatted text data to corectly-typed data
Groovy / Scala / Java under the hood
is it possible to emulate macintosh osx finder search highlighting in html + css?
Adding presence indicator to a custom web part
WebServicice with Apache CXF and custom headers.
Ajax request with JQuery on page unload
Automate "Attach to Process" in VS2005/2008
Why does `Array(0,1,2) == Array(0,1,2)` not return the expected result?
What is the best way to to execute code before a  page is loaded
How to start Mac OS X password screen
Process for updating Excel add-in?
Putting the output of a command with interaction inside a variable while using grep in bash
In Haskell, will calling length on a Lazy ByteString force the entire string into memory?
Good object structure for results of my Hibernate left outer join
Inserting an array within an object construction, constructed based on a query
FileUpload Using Ajax In ASP.NET With C#
Linq - sum child field value when child records query ganareted by diffrent func
Convert database from Antislaed to Drupal
Visual Studio projects with multiple folders
removing some quarrel based on criteria - solving this by pivot tables
Make it impossible for users to remove web parts/zones?
error when logging to magento connect coach
i wan't to delete all bin and obj folders to force all labor to rebuild everything
visual studio and dual/multiple monitors: how do i get optimized function out of my monitors?
Scala: how to inherit a "static slot"?
Parallel Matalb and logging
@ForeignKey in Hibernate 3.5-beta1
un-published detail showing in drupal search results (google search appliacne)
Nested case in bash script
How do I avoid "svn: Out of Date:" problems?
API/Framework to generate Visual Studio solutions/projects
How to set up OCI to connect to Oracle from PHP?
visual studio extension x64 gac
paging with ajax and asp.net mvc
How to play a sound when <div> is updated
How do I configure visual studio to use the code view as the default view for Webservices?
Ways to call Blocks within Magento: createBlock vs Layout xml file
Help! I'm a Haskell Newbie
Wordpress menu of categories
apache rewrite expulsion
ZeroC Ice "checked casts" in Scala
using change directory (cd) inside scripts - best pattern
Error while loading xls file in matlab?
Redirect stderr and stdout in a bash script
Calculating columns with Core Data like SQL
Hibernate queries slow down drastically after an entity is loaded in the session
using linq with stored function
Apache Ignores SSLRequire Directive
Cocoa: Measure time between keypresses?
Apache Tomcat and Ruby
Is there a way of publishing Akka actors with Mina?
Saving "heavy" image to PDF in MATLAB - rendering problem
problem in ajax hyperlinking
Easiest and quickest way of Web enabling old VBA apps
getting new file added to subversion with updating whole folder
check if a train contain asterisk (*)
Excel to .csv problem
svn - Remote, Disconnected Working
EXCELã€€ï¼¶ï¼¢ï¼¡ã€€ï½‘ï½•ï½…ï½“ï½”ï½‰ï½ï½Žï¼Œã€€ï½ˆï½ï½—ã€€ï½”ï½ã€€ï½’ï½…ï½”ï½•ï½’ï½Žã€€ï½ã€€ï½’ï½ï½Žï½‡ï½…ã€€ï½ï½†ã€€ï½ƒï½…ï½Œï½Œï½“ã€€ï½—ï½‰ï½”ï½ˆï½ï½•ï½”ã€€ï½•ï½“ï½‰ï½Žï½‡ã€€ï½Œï½ï½ï½ï¼Ÿ
Is there a Matlab-y way to find local maxima in an image?
Comparing Mac's and Unix manuals?
@ContextConfiguration in Spring 3.0 give me No default constructor found
ajax request to download an excel file is showing me truncated response
Bash while loop calling a Python script
Haskell pair and unpair functions
Bash script to setup a temporary SSH tunnel.
Can i run a script when i commit to subversion?
qtmovie presentment
setting a property in a spring bean outside the spring bean definintion.
Infix operators in Scala and Jython
Tips for more elegant code with monads?
How do I get the Click Once Publish version to match the AssemblyInfo.cs File Version.
How do you pass in a value to a subfunction in Matlab I am getting output errors?
osx: how do I find the size of the disk i/o cache (write cache, for example)
How do I Suppress "PL/SQL procedure successfully completed" message in sqlplus?
install haskell cabal w/o manual dependency resolution
What is the difference between a SVN server and a HTTP server
How to fix the HTML Intellisense in ASP.NET AJAX Controls or Pages
Does the iPhone has AJAX and jQuery support?
libqxt under qt godhead
Service activator method mapping using @Header annotation in Spring Integration
Can you send dynamic data to a processing applet?
Spring MVC with an externally rendered PDF as the view
monitoring idle time during mack development os x
scala: binary incompatibility between waiver
Why isn't my sheet attached to the window it's run for?
IE doesn't wait for result of $.post(
Why hibernate session.close() does not flushes the data automatically?
cast(val as char) in hibernate config named query
LinQ to XML query
Assign different products to different stores and display products per store in backend
Bind user defaults to different identifier
selectively remove from where clause in linq aspect tree
Drupal jQuery won't load in IE using $(document).ready()
Magento - Singole cateogry on sidebar
em.persist seems doesn't persist data on postgreSQL db
how to filter child collecting in linq.
Very dumb question about IntelliJ IDEA
Address Book thread safety and performance
matching a air with a literal asterisk "*" in grep
oracle9i querries
Designing WordPress Themes using Dreamweaver
Resolving resx references
Handle special characters in bash for...in loop
The best way to synchronize client-side javascript clock with server date
configure apache with sql
SQL SELECT: combining and grouping data between three tables using subqueries
version control php network project
keyboard fails in ie8 after ajax outcry
Combine two counting queries into one Boolean query
Time field in Drupal forms?
Can a Spring form command be a Map?
How to create a zip file in the same format as the Finder's "Compress" menu item?
uploading a file via ajax with php
Wrap stray text in <p> tags
how to set query to be read uncommitedd?
is it possible to customize magento admin arena
If Else in LINQ
Composing actors
org.springframework.transaction.annotation.Transactional vs javax.jdo.annotations.Transactional
installation HDBC-SQlite3 Haskell
determining size of printed varlet in excel vba
Hibernate findById isn't finding records that it previously found
Default value for PivotChart Report Filter/Page Field
is there an easy, simple, lazy way to test prescript against apache's mod_rewrite?
What is a user category exactly?
Magento - send newsletter subscription information as email
do organizations ever use sharepoint on a embrasure other than 80?
How to get 64-bit binaries from GHC for Snow Leopard?
How to deal with the warnings when importing BNT tools in MATLAB?
What causes "Invalid advise flags" run-time error in Excel VBA?
How to iterate through all the cells in Excel VBA or VSTO 2005
How to insert an excel chart into Word using AddOLEObject
How is this case class match pattern working?
QT: show result of Color selection?
only show a view on a certain capacity type in drupal
Plotting Bessel functions
Installing a Haskell package from Hackage through Cabal gets stuck at dependency resolution
Progressive Enhancement
Strange behaviour when accessing Oracle 8i table from servlet
What other libraries or tools would you add to a Spring/Hibernate stack for improved rapid application development?
druapl form alter to populate url arguments
Apache HTTP Web Server Requests
using bound junit4 and jmock together
in a fountain configuration, what is the difference between using name vs id?
can a magento adminhtml field depend on more then one field or value?
Adding Zend Framework to php.ini include_path causes Drupal site to go blank
Correctly handling mouse events with NSControl and NSCell?
Hibernate HQL: two levels of joins
How can I convince mod_rewrite to stay away from my Subversion repositories?
Magento - Problem formatting price for indian rupee
What's the best php / mysql emulator
Incorrect MacOSX select() behaviour on non-blocking connect
Passing enum parameter to a case class does not work
what mysql client application would you recommend for mackintosh os x?
issuing in ajax modal pop up control when used witih listbox control[which is of a javascript]
Should I add compiled DLLs to my subversion repository?
LINQ Conflict Detection: Setting UpdateCheck attribute
Extending Wordpress as a full-scale CMS
How do I interact with MATLAB from Python?
Wordpress how can I know if the pagination is active?
How to make item view render rich (html) text in Qt
qt moc.exe not generating *.moc file
What are some good usability Addins for Visual Studio 2008?
Scala Parser Issues
How should I think about Scala's Product classes?
Can Multiple Indexes Work Together?
Getting the current stack trace on MacOSX
excel routine format: what is "[$-409]" ?
Looping over commands to print and execute in BASH
Importing content from one/two Drupal installs into a fresh Drupal install
garbage collection of core grounding objects
Can you use LINQ with in memory objects rather than SQL Server queries to improve performance?
Drupal WYSIWYG removing &nbsp automatically
drupal topic function not being overridden
What is primitive recursion?
How do I call Matlab in a script on Windows?
Does Fluent-Hibernate exist?
Hibernate: How declare foreign key without having to code association methods in the domain object?
Why is Visual Studio constantly crashing?!
Ideas for Implementing Magento Order Approval process?
Remove Password from Excel File -- Without having to Install Excel on my servers
how do i force unix (lf) note endings in visual stuido (express) 2008?
haskell io with figure
cocoa/iphone: backgroundcolor and opaque attribute
SPListItem in FormsLib does not handle blank values
How to implement seasonal logos in Drupal?
How to add a number to a variable?
how did i get multiple lists with the same gens in my sharepoint site?
Subversion: Fail update when there are conflicts?
DataGridView Filtering OnClick Event (C# WinForm)
Filter out categories in wordpress
linq and object initialisation
Magento - Add a checkbox to "Edit Customer's Address" formular
How to identify where the excel file use Excel 95 or Excel 97 specifications?
VB.NET/COM Server code way slower than Excel VBA code
Linq returning list of anonymous types
Remember window sizes and placement when unplugging and replugging second monitor.
understanding JasperReports and JRBeanCollectionDataSource...
Linq Caveats
Is there is any way to protect the password in .xml using spring
Where do you put cleanup code for NSDocument sub-classes?
How to increase Oracle CBO cost estimation for hash joins, group by's and order by's without hints
Use of type synonyms in monad transformers
SharePoint survey question ordering
how do i send automated e-mail from drupal using messaging and notifications?
Add URLs to list of urls to send pingbacks to in Wordpress
Attaching to child process automatically in Visual Studio
Citrix Server sort of app - on a Mac?
How to I authenticate with a ISA proxy from my application seemlessly?
Bash Tool To Parse CSV files
queries with hibernate
What is the shortcut key for Run to cursor
Branch off a specific directory from one SVN repository into own repo
View of nodes and their translations
Apache file caching
How to remap properties in LINQ?
using a prophet subselect to replace a case statement
How do you count the words in an array of strings with LINQ?
what does this python code do: shell=(sys.platform!="win32"))
How to delegate within a crontab to use another file as a crontab? aka Crontab in SVN/CVS?
How do I create a branch in SVN?
import webpart to page layout in sharepoint
Date Popup module - I want a Time Popup as well
xslt hyperlink, seperate the url and descption
Wordpress and MySQL Collations
Spring deployment-level configuration
Online dictionary - should I use AJAX for the search results?
sharepoint - add custom column to list via object model
Is it possible to set a module's checkbox to "readonly"?
Calculating person's time zone (GMT offset) based on phone number?
wx file error when using Haskell
Spring Entity to use Service, possible design flaw, but still....
Linq + Invalid expression term '>'
Excel workbooks produced by POI don't work when linked
how can you implement jquery code in drupal varlet (for non-coders)
Magento Custom Forms
Qt Show/Hide widget animation
Performance of dynamic SQL vs stored procedures on Oracle
Filter Magento collection but not products, using distinct
Scala inconsistant type signatures: Range.toList and Range.toArray
MSDN links in Visual Studio
Hide a bash function internals..
Double request from mod-rewrite
How can I avoid ta warning fom an unused parameter in PLSQ?
subclipse alternative
Running script with admin permissions on OS X
Magento ignores extra URL parameters set
mapping a natural winder with hibernate annotations
Best way to run unit tests after each commit ? - svn - branch per feature
date and time settings dont show up properly in wordpress 2.8.6
How to automatically refresh excel formulas?
My linq-query doesn't work when adding the xmlns-attribute to the root-element in my XML-document
CVS to SVN conversion -- How to replace CVS TAGS functionalities
Extracting generic Linq queries
Why does Hibernate try to delete when I try to update/insert? WTF?
how do I do a single point authentication with php, apache and LDAP
Accessing legacy out-of-container instantiated objects from Spring beans
Is it possible to emulate Mac Osx Finder search highlight in HTML + CSS?
magento changing Shipping Method
Hibernate entity with user defined attributes
How to serch by categories uisng trip_search
Visual Studio switch statement formatting
bang copy all files expect one.
Is it possible to script for data entry with Drupal?
Scala bug in concurrent program?
check whether coating already running
how to check if a string has spaces in bash shell
how do i prevent a subversion user accessing constituent of the repository?
How to format numbers according to locale in Haskell?
How do I force unix (LF) line endings in Visual Stuido (Express) 2008?
Find out name of PL/SQL procedure
The || (or) Operator in Linq with C#
how to solve the trouble with the use of deprecated function ereg() of php 5.3.0 in drupal 6.13
SharePoint: What is the max size of the multi line text field? Can I set it?
Error in creating alias in formula tag
mod_pagespeed magento
spring: i wish to create a junit trial for a web application - webapplicationcontext needed
Validate Numbers in Spring
how do i wrap a selection with an html shred in visual studio?
How to exit all the calling scripts in bash?
Wordpress stripslashes issue
should frameworks be put in /library/frameworks or in the application megabucks when putting multiple applications in one parcel
Spring Map a file to a Url / URI
qt/wxwidgets third party components?
What does the Excel VBA range.Rows property really do?
TKProf Output: SQL*Net message from client
Using the Github Gist API from Haskell
Wait until QWidget closes
Spawning an interactive telnet session from a shell script
What is .net framework ?
Customize the Sharepoint add list column page
how to sketch a polygon in a matrix or binary image in order to use image processing functions?
2 connections per server?
Looping Code/Skipping Rows
what is the most compact or efficient path of doing several subsitutions in a file in bash
drupal 6: how to get datum from a custom module in to a template file
Load MS Word files with AJAX
qt soap client + ASP.net Web service
bash menu: retort to menu after selection made and executed?
Migrating from Drupal to Rails - Routing
bash script to watch a folder
Want to add custom option from the frontend of magento
count(*)  in hibernate criteria ?
Ajax with slide effects onready witout using a toolkit
Is there a way to make drawText() update a QPicture's bounding rect?
Creating executable for windows using QT program in Linux
understanding the different dispatchers in akko 2
invoking concrete methods from an abstract year using give
[wordpress] cringle through a specific category on single.php
can you call one drupal perspective template for multiple views?
Separation of Presentation and Business Tiers with Spring
How do you port a Cocoa/Mac application to Windows?
drupal how to limit the display consequence of the calendar view
Tips for resolving Hibernate/JPA EntityNotFoundException
How to convert Apache .htaccess files into Lighttpd rules?
trouble in ajax hyperlinking
How to do: sum columnB where columnA is XYZ - in Excel?
Thinking of new way of building a db page populating data via api calls - are there any issues doing it this way
Mixin Multiple Traits in Scala
Matlab, time match filter
Updating the image of a NSStatusItem
Sorting a Drupal field View by updated time.
Excel formulas giving #VALUE! error when ported to mac
How to pipe a here-document through a command and capture the result into a variable?
how to make xmlhttprequest work over https on firefox?
Dynamic LINQ context
Hibernate doesn't save and doesn't throw exceptions !?!
The Microsoft.VisualStudio.Data.Interop.IVsDataProviderManager service could not be found.
VisualStudio-based Rich Client Platform
Parsing xls with groups
Discovering a functional algorithm from a mutable one
Easiest way to add GWT to a Spring MVC application?
Old Mac extended attributes in Snow Leopard
how to apply different transport method for different country in magento
qt qfiledialog stimulus field - tab complete like eggshell
How to determine optimum prepared statement cache size when using Hibernate
scala case classes questions
Excel VBA : Get hwnd value of a CommandButton
hibernate lazy initilization problem
Display resulst from a query with PHP (Wordpress)
Matlab: How can I change the following program
Primitive recursion
Haskell streams with IO effects
what is the easiest way to import an excel tabloid into mysql
getting posts from Wordpress to out of WP in codeigniter view
Merging missed changes in Subversion
Performance effect of enabling apache response time log directive
why don't browsers let you open a regular connective instead of ajax or comet?
QT4: Is it possible to make a QListView scroll smoothly?
Need help configuring 301 permanent redirect in Apache for non www
c:foreach using List: Must evaluate to a Collection, Map, Array, or null
how to stop audio in matlab?
Why does com.mysql.jdbc.Driver take forever to open in MATLAB?
Help with using TypeConverters for enums in an Excel PIA assembly
contextloaderlistener problem while fountain is loading up
sharepoint search with variation site
getting started with vaticinator application development
How to compile a dynamic library?
Oracle Minus - From a list of values, how do I count ONLY non reversed values.
How do I make a plot in Matlab if I do not know the specific size of the array?
Upload document to specific folder in a SharePoint Document library using WebClient
Make OSX application respond to first mouse click when not focused
MS Excel create virtual column to use in formula
How can I view all historical changes to a file in SVN
ploting 3d graph in matlab?
compare/difference of two arrays in bash
Script to recursively delete CVS directory on server
how to add additional message in a Drupal form
is there option to have powerfull url and alias in drupal, not the poor one that i've found?
Understanding the different dispatchers in Akka 2
How do you create a Keynote-like interface in Cocoa and IB?
LINQ datacontext lifetime managment for web application
vlookup doesn't work
Could someone explain Spring Security BasePermission.Create?
Excel to XMl in .NET3.5
I need a reccomendation for a wordpress Newsletter/Mailing list plugin
how to do gui for knock scripts?
will oracle optimizer use multiple clue in the same select?
How do I convert Elevated Privilege code from C# to VB.Net for use with SharePoint?
How to make an NSString path (file name) safe
SQL: Counting number of occurances over multiple columns in Oracle
WordPress: Assigning widgets to individual pages
can i use an surroundings variable based location for spring filesystemresource?
sharepoint - change themes trend sheet
spring+hibernate mapping class without xml
How to assign null to sql entity columns
How to: URL re-writing in PHP ?
Visual Studio + Crystal Reports + SourceSafe = auto checkout
StateT and WX gui coexistance
How to configure spring HandlerExceptionResolver to handle NullPointerException thrown in jsp ?
svn externals not working
Reinitilise a range in Excel / VBA
haskell quiz: find logos with a given suffix
sharepoint: web share vs. asp.net user control
modem.oqpskmod for BER
Failed to try  function "permutations" in ghci , Haskell
Hibernate orm for a view
Problems commiting file to SVN repository
wordpress - harvard gazette - how did they do 10 ?
Eclipse project not built on Mac due to 'A resource exists with a different case' error
Magento: Select the top ordered products
using outer joins in hql inquiry
Best Scala imitation of Groovy's safe-dereference operator (?.)?
XCode crashes on startup
Alternate play / pause button for WordPress wpaudio  soundmanager plugin
magento ajax - how to get only consistence part?
Object relational mapping in Qt
grep-ing multiple file
OSX: Launching multiple instances of an app and passing them command line args
Accessing a bean with a dot(.) in its ID
Splitting applicationContext to multiple files
Emitting signals from other threads
How can I use the "Publish" function in Visual Studio 2008 without erasing the contents of the target folder?
Using scala actor framework as fork-join computation?
Subversion commit failed Merge of file: 200 OK
How do I localise a default attribute in a Core Data Entity
Hosted Mac OS X/iPhone development
excel ï½–ï½‚ï½ ï½‘ï½•ï½…ï½“ï½”ï½‰ï½ï½Žï¼Œ ï½ˆï½ï½— ï½”ï½ ï½’ï½…ï½”ï½•ï½’ï½Ž ï½ ï½’ï½ï½Žï½‡ï½… ï½ï½† ï½ƒï½…ï½Œï½Œï½“ ï½—ï½‰ï½”ï½ˆï½ï½•ï½” ï½•ï½“ï½‰ï½Žï½‡ ï½Œï½ï½ï½ï¼Ÿ
How do I sort a file in place using bash shell?
where does drupal store the actual content in the database?
REST/Ajax deep linking compatibility - Anchor tags vs query string
Qwidget, how to highlight the widget under the cursor
compile classfile issuing in bound 3
leap & web service client - fault detail
Order documents by most popular in sharepoint content query webpart
redirect yield to a do array
How do I get the value of the jdbc.batch_size property at runtime for a Web application using Spring MVC and Hibernate?
Get the Title of all posts
How do I redirect to an ftp:// url with Spring Webflow?
Magento - change "Catalog Input Type for Store Owner"
Mac os X : load average
What does the >> symbol mean in Haskell.
Errors creating WebPart subclass in another assembly
How do you make a button remove a row with Core Data in an Outline View?
Can you print JavaScript variables from a Visual Studio 2008 Tracepoint?
Possible to load a web part inside another?
Hibernate <generator class="" > When is it best to use what?
how do i paste text to a line by parentage text filter like awk, without having stdin echo to the screen?
installing cairo on Mac OS Lion
MATLAB: How do you insert a line of text at the beginning of a file?
linq (to nhibernate) where clause on dynamic property in sql
Getting sed to Replace Text With Argument
Tracking e-mails in outlook with excel
What's wrong with my bash array?
Web test to edit a SharePoint pages properties using Visual Studio Test Suite
Is there any set of excercises for Scala?
Using annotations to implement a static join in hibernate
Drupal theming a row in a view's display
Oracle - ODBC connection using MS Access error (ORA-12154)
How to calculate a monthly average when the month is not finished
Reading or loading images from file synchronously in MATLAB.
Scala compiler error due to constructor parameter (property) having same name in both base and derived class and used in derived method
How to ssh from within a bash script?
employment resourcereader to create a hybriddictionary of resources.
Defining a seemingly simple Foldable instance
stylus cleanup that doesn't trample svn blame?
Hibernate question
Haskell simple compilation bug
Ignore a path entry with bash tab-completion
Unable to load the Excel 2003 Add-in
Visual Studio: Stop copying DLL files during build without my permission!
How to get name of an enumeration in MATLAB
Testing in Visual Studio Succeeds Individually, Fails in a Set
Customer session is different in different parts of a Magento website
How do I remove CSS from WordPress admin sections
Finding if two numbers have the same digit and then remove them from in the original number in Haskell
Where can I systematically study how to write Mac OS X device drivers?
transferring svn holding
Pattern matching a String as Seq[Char]
In Visual Studio can i plot my variable in breakpoint ?
Debugging Sharepoint timer jobs
Drupal: Modifying a User at Registration
Cannot run JBoss Cache as a second level cache for Hibernate in JBoss 5
force repaint after button click <- scala
motive supporter on apache htaccess redirect rule
Magento Community Edition Capability Questions
how to connect a signal to a slot in a diifferent thread?
How to check out a Subversion repository using svn+ssh protocol?
Display output of a Bash command and keeping the output in a variable
wordpress, cron & time - does time on server affects plugins? how to fix it?
Is this possible with Magento?
Haskell. Why Array faster then lists ?
WordPress Media Manager cannot rename my images?
Outlook style toolbar in Qt
LINQ: Max or Default?
Runtime dependency injection with Spring
Any reason for having "val capacity : Int" instead of "val Int Capacity" in Scala
handling wild poster subdomains with apache, excluding www, including sef
Qt::How to lower the text in a qspinbox
WordPresss Plugin Development
Generate value for a property in hibernate
Authentication Error when connecting accessing Sharepoint list via web service
Automatic configuration reinitialization in Spring
How to sudo on a computer using ssh inside a bash script
In excel automation, how to gracefully handle invalid file format error upon file opening?
Qt Increase QTabWidget's QTabBar size
[excel] how can you retrieve a signature of affair usable in excel in vba or a dll ?
interrogative about qthread implementation
execute conky with a cron job and do
Drupal: Create a custom page
Select all points in a matrix within 30m of another point
how to scp across servers using bash?
what is the best corruption client for linux?
Why does the empty string not match as Seq.empty?
If all my sql server database access is done thru stored procedures.....
find if qtreewidgetitem is top level
how to externalize a springtime messagesources bundle outside the war
RewriteRule in .htaccess not working
Set a type in VBA to nothing?
improve seer query performance without indexing
Magento design possible in all pages?
Linq to XML performance - Standalone test vs Very large web application
Can you use Microsoft Entity Framework with Oracle?
Controlling OSX windows
Memoization in Haskell?
Bash script to edit a bunch of files
fetch last disk in mysql
In Haskell, how can you sort a list of infinite lists of strings?
SharePoint/MOSS - Deleting other people's un-checked-in items from a list
what's a good leger for learning cocoa and mac programming?
Mac OS X 10.5 Apache and Subversion upgrade alternatives
Vector projection on matrix along diagonal.
A web application that let's users choose a domain name for the website they are about to create?
Obtaining the maximum width and height of a font
query long raw data type
Using a static library in QT Creator...
PL/SQL Trigger - Dynamically reference :NEW or :OLD
OS X: bundle location by identifier for newly installed application
mod_rewrite runs twice?
Magento: The best way to hook into the checkout process
getting value from one controller to another controller
ref pointer versus table function in prophet
Is there a way to change the title of the MATLAB Command Window?
How can I setup Apache to serve SVN with this particular URL configuration?
installing pygobject on mac for Python 2.6
Is it possible to have a custom webpart listen to default SharePoint search box?
Confusion about currying and point free style in Haskell
Why does the '#weight' property sometimes not have any effect in Drupal forms?
multiple actions upon a case instruction in haskell
Best practice for profiling a SharePoint application
include problems when using cmake with gnu on qt undertaking
PyQt: getting widgets to resize automatically in a QDialog
How to limit user access at database level in Hibernate
jQuery AJAX live update on multiple elements on the same page
Hibernate 'tableless' enum mapping?
What are some use cases for various DispatcherServlet.detectAllXxx flags?
Accessing Excel data source running SSIS package on 64 bit server
search through a range of directories bash script
caml cannot reference usance properties in custom fields.
error reading configuration file for jaas authentication provider in bound
qt styles: how to vogue a widget that uses a .ui generated class?
How do VBOs/FBOs/DisplayLists work in Haskell's OpenGl bindings?
template method pattern
Getting started with Visual Studio Designer
How to get reviews success message in magento?
WSS 3.0: change parent type for a content type.
Registering an event handler for a single list
pipelines fivesome for
Hibernate casts BigDecimal instead of Integer
Haskell IO with Numbers
use of case synonyms in monad transformers
SharePoint: programmatically move documents between document libraries
ie7 onsubmit retort false in function may fail?
SSL and mod_rewrite error
Spring Transactional Parameterized Test and Autowiring
return latest version of a drupal node
Blank process name for OSX Cocoa application?
assist with excel automation addin
Is it possible to redirect traffic from page that doesn't exist to existing page with .htaccess?
Why is this Haskell incorrect?
how does transaction propagation workplace when using open session in view?
Hibernate/JPA - annotating bean methods vs fields
change post date on a wordpress office
removing a binary attribute's data(used in nsimageview) in gist information entity
AJAX/JQUERY/PHP issue...
Dynamically change url or WordPress theme if UserAgent is iPhone.
returning a decyphered drawstring as part of tuple in haskell
Qt QPlainTextEdit background
Problem with non blocking fifo in bash
What does the : infix operator do in Haskell?
springsource tool suite (eclipse) tutorial?
Please explain what an outlook add-in is
How to prevent automatic truncation of leading zeros in Excel cell
Feedback/Experiences with Monodevelop on the Mac?
What is the meaning of using proxy ( dynamic proxy) in spring framework?
How to avoid SVN conflicts when merging branch back into trunk
Why is this class re-initialized every time?
Using cscope on MacOS X
definition of filter function with foldr, in haskell. i want to see if i understand how it's working.
QTcpSocket in QThread
Filtering data in an NSPopUpButtonCell in an NSTableView
jquery lightbox plugin modification apperance of my wordpress site
redirect to a particular page after contact form is submitted in Magento
Magento and unsetting a custom boolean attribute
setTimeout with ajax chat
How to make the apple script file configurable ?  can apple scipt file, shipped from window ?
Libraries "rt" and "dl" in Cygwin
does anyone have experience with national instruments cvi and author control?
How to use a pipe in a foreach statement
How do I display new products AUTOMATICALLY on the Magento home-page?
python Qt: main widget scroll bar
How can I give alternative names to new objects created by LINQ?
sharepoint workflow
What are the benefits of using Oracle Designer?
Turn off Hibernate Logs for certain query
changing param value of object in html using ajax
Best way to set HTML head title in a Spring+Tiles2 application?
How to add limit option in Magento API call.
How can I pass a complete argument list in bash while keeping mulitword arguments together?
How should I specify the type of JSON-like unstructured data in Scala?
ajax js serialize not reading form elements
WordPress E-Commerce Plugins
diplay wordpress archives one class at a time?
Does Oracle Applications API expose Web Services? (that can be called from .NET?)
Why can't I select symbolic links in NSOpenPanel?
simulink: specifying flight
calling wordpress api from zend pageboy on same box
Qt widget update later but when?
I've a function updating database table using Spring's JdbcTemplate and for some reason there was exception that connection is read only u can not update any database related changes. How to resolve these problem?
Magento - Sendfriend Error
How to force bash autocomplete to one command ?
Control 2 seperete Excel instances by COM independantly... can it be done?
extending the property inspector in interface builder
how to prevent tablet blaze with visual studio and firefox debugging?
How to execute program which have created Qt on windows?
How to "Add Existing Item" an entire directory structure in Visual Studio
Create a WPF library in Visual Studio Express
Why doesn't svn import work?
Haskell type cast problem
To Create an Employee directory
Are there reasons not to use JSONP for AJA~X requests?
Protect private key in Qt application
MOSS Alternate Access Mappings
hibernate seth mapped to a 'sql select' table
How to determine if currency symbol is to the left or right of a number on MacOS
web varlet finish loading before all images is completed
Why is App window only opening once and then not opening again?
how to pass a command crease switch to xcode when i start 'build and debug'
debug vs release anatomy in visual studio c++ 2008 win32 runtime issue
Creating a custom Hibernate UserType - What does isMutable() mean?
how do i automatically reset a sequence's value to 0 every year in vaticinator 10g?
Strange type-related error
Spring dependency injection in construcor with annotations
how to send a sigint to python from a belt script?
Drag&Drop problem in a TreeView Qt
I want to upload an excel spreadsheet to IIS and then import its contents
OS X Widget Scroll Issue
How to parameterize @Scheduled(fixedDelay) with Spring 3.0 expression language?
Migrating MOSS 2007 from SQL 2000 to SQL 2005
Subversion for iSeries
scala: suggestion for an idea for a hands on session
Using a custom URL parameter in Wordpress (with permalinks)?
Simple Qt Embedded Window Question
modem.oqpskmod - converting array of different values to array of 1s and 0s
qt library destructor head
Change the order of the 'Search this site' form in Drupal
Hibernate map collection with constant key
Managing multiple asynchronous NSURLConnection connections
redirect stdout and stderr to a single file with prefixes
Concurrent map/foreach in scala
Redirect output to a bash array
Wierd date and time formating in Wordpress %Y/%m/%d
What does this Python code do:  shell=(sys.platform!="win32"))
How do you enable hibernate query cache on a session level only?
How do I prevent a subversion user accessing part of the repository?
Haskell: parsing PDF
A dynamic array of class "landmark", inside another single class "landmarks"
Subversion: how to nuke a repository?
What does  ~= mean in MATLAB?
trouble migrating spring web app from tomcat 5.5 to tomcat 6.0
Linq Newbie. Can I write this Linq query more concise?
Get Scriptaculous SlideUp effect to work with RubyOnRails
WordPress Monthly Archive by Year
what situations cause oracle software to become invalid?
Format dates in a WordPress plugin
how do i run another www site or web service side by side with sharepoint?
Mutli-Core Haskell on Windows
Scala: Where do I find an OS project written in scala?
Trouble with Float in Objective-c
applying a function to an arbitrarily long list of line
Magento - link to a frontend skin js file from an admin file
Hibernate sort by properties inner bean ?
linq to aim - does not contain?
Oracle 10 optimizer from RULE to COST: why?
removing some rows based on criteria - solving this by pivot tables
attaching to child procedure automatically in visual studio
Why the option to use attributes in new ATL projects was removed from Visual Studio 2008?
How do I return the address of the currently copied range in Excel?
Wordpress Theme Demo
How to serve files in Drupal without using links?
Visual Studio: Is there a "move class to different namespace" refactoring?
How do I reuse paintings in Qt
QT Background Color
Cocoa Document-based app
Is there a pattern for dealing with non-memory resources on cleaning up an ObjC object?
problem with prophesier sqlplus with whitespace in the path of the @ command
MaskedEditExtender
Migrating complex SVN branch hierarchy to Mercurial
How can I make custom Wordpress comments form?
Question about spring transaction propagation
Weird behaviour with two Trac instances under Apache + mod_wsgi
How to use the System.LINQ.Dynamic assembly w/ IEnumerable(Of T)
special driver to connect to sql server 2008 express
A DSL for Linq Queries - looking for ideas
excel reading in asp.net : data not being read if editorial has different data formats
Magento 1.4 Load By Category Not Working
What are the options available for cross platform rich user interfaces development?
Theming Drupal Panels
spring usance namespaces with maven
What does CGColorGetComponents() return?
i need help to integrate webgistix shipping method into magento
How can I set the path + filename in Qt Designer's property box?
What's the difference between "&> foo" and "> foo 2>&1"?
suppose a server is hosting a video file. why is it that sometimes, it requires a full download before playing. sometimes, i can stream it?
Programmatically add an alias to the Dock in OS X
wordpress multiple loops problem
Can font size be disabled in QFontDialog::getFont()?
Does Oracle allow an ORDER BY within an IN clause?
What does Hibernate map a boolean datatype to when using an Oracle database by default?
spring initBinder and webbindinginitializer example ...
how do i get the highest currently used i.d. number in a table with linq?
Visual Studio Shortcut for Automatically Creating Constructors from an Inherited Class
wordpress how to add another page?
SVN: Checkout/export only the directory structure
matlab - print subarray of two dimensional array
Can you do Logic Programming in Scala?
Getting a unique ID for a window of another application
customize the direction cck node acknowledgment fields are displayed in drupal
How do you deploy your common SharePoint library
BASH file attribute gymnastics: How do I easily get a file with full paths and privileges?
Application crashing when talking to oracle unless executable path contains spaces
Advice on setting up a server to host source code and other documents...
Which delegate method I should use to respond to clicks on a text field?
PHP image upload grey lines
Subversion creating revision directories with too-strict permissions
objective c class and performance?
How to wire Interdependent beans in Spring (Deferred property binding)?
Hibernate HQL query - complicated
linq: scoop or default?
vi input mode in command line Matlab?
Set Special Price Programatically In Magento
Apache rewrite
How to plot triangles on a 6x6 grid in MATLAB?
Overcome Wordpress Memory Exceeded Limit, WITHOUT changing server's limit.
LINQ, ASP.net mvc and joins
How to get a beautiful color scale on (semi-)logarithmic 3d plots on Matlab?
how to create a bandaging for nsapp.docktile's
Error reading configuration file for JAAS Authentication Provider in Spring
subversion/cruise control/nant/nunit with visual studio projects and solutions.
Make sure int variable is 2 numbers long, else add 0 in front to make it 2 numbers long
Seralization in WCF/C#/VS-2008/Linq
Excel - "File Not Found: VBA6.DLL"
matlab: getting an regalia of cells from matlab to java
ajax mark site scripting between own demesne
Magento Complex Attribute: Value(s) = (Drop-Down item + Text Field input), and need an "Add Another" button.
Does it make sense to have more than one MethodSecurityInterceptor bean?
euler problem in haskell -- can someone spot my erroneousness
SET game odds simulation (MATLAB)
Looking for an OSX application that can do image processing using a webcam.
Programatically Publishing InfoPath Form As Site ContentType (Not Central Admin)
.NET Error:  The dependency 'Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel' could not be found
Why does OS X define 'nil'
Querying list items and using SharePoint web services vs the object model
link to external url in mail deed of rss feed in wordpress.
WSS 3.0 list populated from SQL query
In need of a good MATLAB class tutorial
KVO and Bindings problems using my own (not the shared) NSUserDefaults object
Upgrading to VS 2008 Professional from Web Developer Edition
Duplicate form submission in Spring
Running Process listing
Bash Daemon Named "sh" or "sleep" not the filename....
wreck reporter for cocoa app
Hibernate session problem for transactions.
Drupal 7 programming advancements, differences from Drupal 6 upgrade or wait
Is there a way to enable / disable constraints in db2 v7?
drupal problem with creating word document files
Haskell, Lisp, and verbosity
Adding related records in LINQ
qt GUI connecting
use matlab cell array in a c/c++ syllabus
Scala @ operator
Visual Studio Attach to Process
Populate an NSTokenField with tokens from a container of objects
How to end line with QTextEdit [Qt] [C++]
Spring, JDBC & MultiThreading
What are the (gotchas and) limitations when using POI to create Excel workbooks?
Upgrading my Wordpress installation...click and pray?
EntityManager merge/persist problem
gwt+grail.. advantages and shortcomings..
Circular type parameters definition in scala
Changing terminalinterface command after showing it on qt/kdelibs app
Converting XLL addin functionality to a native VB module : Problem refreshing formulae
Apache server cache images
Cross-Platform Objective-C / C++ Development
Which Qt DLL's should I copy to make my program stand-alone?
Table per Concrete Class Hierarchy in Hibernate
File Conversion using cocoa
Cannot SCP a path with spaces from bash script?
If I'm posting a question about Oracle SQL query performance, what should I include in my question?
running a bid with every svn commit
excel pivot table calculated field total issue incorrect value
Read attributes values with linq
how can this src vs. build tree timestamp comparison be faster? (bash)
Bash - How to call a fuinction declared in a parent shell?
Question about QThread implementation
Can a range be matched in Scala?
Split ByteString on a ByteString (instead of a Word8 or Char)
Is there any good replacement for SharePoint Designer?
sharepoint moss alternate entree mappings
Converting from binary to original array values in Matlab
how to make an ajax spreadsheet or an editable and navigatable entanglement table/grid?
Guides/ tutorials for beginner OS X app development?
QT in a professional setting
How to time-delay email deliveries?
How to keep only necessary workbook in excel using powershell?
list comprehension won't give correct resultant in haskell
How to use term_group for ordering subcategories in Wordpress?
How to make a "recent seen pages" for user registered in wordpress
How is Magento when it comes to adding custom functionality?
What's wrong with this gmail contact importer script for Drupal?
How to detect whether an OS/X application is already launched
gprof reports no time accumulated
is there a scala reading of python's mechanize?
Examples on when not to use LINQ
Installing Svn 1.5.x on Debian Etch - Best approach?
The CASE statement in PL/SQL
Wordpress Custom Field
Remove newline character from first line of NSString
Can the following loop be vectorize?
How Configure Hibernate for develop Test
How do you add weights together in an oracle text index?
Mod_rewrite .htm to fake subdirectory
best qt widget to use for holding window?
Best practice to return a result Flag after saveOrUpdate in hibernate ?
Mac toolbar via WINE / Crossover
Set Tax Rate in Magento based on Discount / Coupon Code.
Drupal: Views: grouping relationship in block list
What does "apachectl" stand for?  Why isn't it just "apache"?
Issue with database connection from sharepoint workflow with integrated security options
how can i change the depository url using ankhsvn 2.x
mixing qt with stl and boost - are there any bridge to make it easy?
codecharge studio alternative for mac
How can I get the icon for a storage device in Mac OS X?
doing a binary search on some factor in haskell
Haskell Applicative instance for ErrorT?
Error viewing csproj property pages in VisualStudio2005
Haskell: variant of `show` that doesn't wrap String and Char in quotes
Can I develop a Mobile website using Drupal?
How to begin a text selection in a Visual Studio macro
pointer wont return with assigned address
Match overlapping patterns with capture using a MATLAB regular expression
Wait for bash background jobs in script to be finished
svn: MKACTIVITY 403 Forbidden
cocoa: [statusitem setview:myview] makes a white saloon menu item no matter what
How do you route stdin from a file to a function when running GHCI
how do i work around this error while copying svn secretary by svnsync?
collate 500 excel canvas into database
Using hibernate criteria, is there a way to escape special characters?
Spring hibernate query help
qt - network based location acquisition
Preconfigured Magento Widgets
changing cck title for pattern
NullPointerException on merge()
Test universal binary for mac
What files in Magneto have no purpose being in source control?
Wordpress: How do I get the current name of my page
Hibernate Update does Not Update Anything
Multiple @ManyToMany sets from one join table
login to a site and then billet to a page in it
How can a bash script know the directory it is installed in when it is sourced with . operator?
What are some good LINQ resouces?
which haskell software contains given module.
What applescript will a particular application accept?
how to entree elements of matrix from mat file in python?
SpringJunit4ClassRunner -- can I change the lifetime of the injected resources?
Branching from deleted path in svn
how would you query this in linq?
What's the best way to iterate through elements of a matrix in Matlab?
Subversion with 32 bit server and 32/64 bit clients
QTabWidget tab context menu
opensourcing a starter web lotion
Compiling jasperreports automatically on change
How do I Romove Specific Characters From File Names Using BASH
Setting up KVO for calculated values, based on calculated values.
How is WordPress' .htaccess and SEO built?
good compounding of a c++ toolkit/library, cross platform db (not necessarily sql)
Ant-Ivy-Scala Template: any suggestions on improvements?
Drupal paths in themes
Why scala's TreeSet returns SortedSet
Drupal: How to know the type of a tid (term id)?
Version control of MDF files
How can I control the placement of the comments region in Drupal 6?
Hibernate, aliases
How to configure something like phpmyadmin in windows and linux?
SQL behind an external data query in Excel
using annotations to implement a static juncture in hibernate
When to exploit type inference in Haskell?
combining structure
Wordpress the_time formatting
qt signal and slots - are they intended for gui only or for entire app architecture?
Best source control package
Haskell FlatMap
how to chop last n bytes of a sting in bash string choping?
What are the best practices for permissions on a publishing site within MOSS 2007 Standard?
tool in visual studio 2008 for helping with location
in visual studio (2008) is there a way to have a custom dependant file on another usance file?
How can I keep data in sync during deployment?
Spring 3.0 - Unable to locate Spring NamespaceHandler for XML schema namespace [http://www.springframework.org/schema/security]
Getting Visual Studio to ignore source control bindings in a solution
concealment scarping through ajax and javascript
Could someone reccommend video tutorial websites for beginners?
http communicating monitoring on os x
wordpress base javascript problem
JQuery AJAX syntax
Tips for reducing Core Animation memory usage
Haskell -- more type inference problems
Effecient queue in haskell.
matlab - how to find the image of the contrast at infinity corresponding to a plane?
Spring embedded ldap server in unit tests
Apache log lines appearing out of sequence - why?
How to create a join in an expression tree for LINQ?
Building up a LINQ query based on bools
InvalidMappingException  Hibernate mapping file...anybody can you give resolution
Where can I go for hands-on cocoa training besides WDC?
Are there any Jira plugins for Visual Studio?
how do I preserve newlines in a quoted string in bash ?
Common Types of Subversion Hooks
Expand Recurring Events from a Sharepoint Calendar over WebServices?
Problems redirecting old domain to new with Apache and htaccess
How do I add an Microsoft AJAX auto complete textbox to an existing ASP.NET 3.5 SP1 web application project?
SVN log not showing all the revisions made to a file
Do you continue development in a branch or in the trunk?
jQuery and AJAX response header
Disabling interstitial graphic when using cfdiv binding
Bash Customizations
How to Increase the Max Length of the Product Description in Magento (when importing)?
jquery script is using to much memory
-bash: ./configure: No such file or directory   - mysql install on OSX10.6
Database design - Should a Date be used as part of a primary key
Something Good & Something Bad about SharePoint
Hibernate cascade delete not working when removing element of recreated bean
Problem displaying custom property values for SharePoint custom field types
creating xml for import into excel, particularly escort
How to make apache slow and unreliable?
pass variable number of arguments in scala (2.8) case class to parent constructor
Why "Follow symbol under cursor" does not work in QT Creator for Mac OS X?
Define DataSource bean on code
unnecessary (?) Xcode warning
How can I tell if I have uncommitted work in an Oracle transaction?
QCompleter and QLineEdit for multiple words
Is it recommended to always have exhaustive pattern matches in Haskell, even for "impossible" cases?
How to use SBT (Simple Build Tool) with Google App Engine?
stop apache injecting it's own 404 not found page to the usance 404 error page
difference equations in MATLAB - why the need to switch signs?
oracle sql developer not responsive when trying to view tables (or suggest an oracle mackintosh client)
unwanted leading blank space on oracle number format
What's the difference between {} and [] in MATLAB?
LINQ with Subquery/Group By/Join
How to set the line where a QToolBar is displayed?
Creating an OS X Service
Apache rewrite with implicit redirection.
Direct Path Load of TimeStamp Data With SQL*LDR
Can i limit apache+passenger memory usage on server without swap space
where can is the product insert funtion , i cannot find the function which inserts the product into database
Inheritance and type parameters of Traversable
Problem with toolbar in Excel 2003
Drupal and Google Search Appliance   (Google Mini)
Substitution till the end of the line in bash
Hibernate: How to exclude a class which is part of a join using the Criteria API
syntax for a single-line bash space while loop
Is it possible to make a bash file run as root in crontab?
How can I set the main theme-font dynamically, in WordPress
Can two different wordpress blogs on the same server use a common theme folder?
Help me understand FFT function (Matlab)
hibernate -gett the size of a list in a property
what does this configuration in apache mean?
Excel VBA Load Addins
Using regular expressions in the Search Core Results web part XSLT
Some questions about monads in Haskell
compare string contents in haskell
How to dump out an array of of pixels as a png?
sharepoint web services in subwebs
duplicate spring configruations being loaded?
adding image to the gadget of magento
get mail from wodpress
IllegalArgumentException for dataSource in Spring application
Building magento modules
modify comfig file using bash scirpt
Free PHP editor for Mac?
How to automate converting Excel xsl files to Excel xml fromat?
QT: table widget, numbers only
is there cache with linq query reenforcement
How to plot lines between all points in vector in Matlab?
Deploying Layouts in SharePoint
Load CSS In Excel
Open two instances of a file in single Visual Studio session
MATLAB - Delete elements of binary files without loading entire file
how do i dump one project out of a svn depository which contains multiple projects
Hibernate Configuration Xml
Why can't an Oracle XMLType be sent over a DBLink?
How to use RewriteRule in Apache to redirect from /abc/ to /abc?
insert row keeping formula in excel
auto-detecting components using spring annotations
zep enquiry where x in (from... ?
Matlab: Print text in input field
How do you make your App open at login?
How do you make a Menu Bar Item display how many rows there are in a table?
Linq to Sql Add Child records
Fetch iTunes album artwork without iTunes running
How to grab live text from a URL?
Escape XML special chsrs in AJAX
Reference needed for drupal theme_HOOK properties
auto generate e-mail bill during drupal account registration?
Magento - how to create different prices for different sizes of a products?
OracleDependency not firing event
Taking /Pages out of the SharePoint URL?
how do i use a file grep compare inside a bash if/else statement?
how do i display non-validation fault in jsp with spring webflow
How does visual studio determine what to copy to the output directory with multi-project solutions?
is there any way to have the jboss association pool reconnect to oracle when connections go bad?
How to create sorted map in scala?
expand data into unmerged cells
Rename several files in the BASH.
Can extractors be customized with parameters in the body of a case statement (or anywhere else that an extractor would be used)?
Hibernate transaction problem
How to install a plugin for QtWebKit
How to select only Date value No Time in LINQ to SQL?
running script blockage in the middle
Importing an svn branch into git
drupal grade override theme function
Listing ajax data in search engines ?
Hidden Features of Visual Studio (2005-2008)?
automatic selection of control spot in matlab
Why is Visual Studio 2005 so slow?
Ajax.dll causing problem?
in what type would a programmer get the webapplicationcontext out of dispatchservlet?
Do I have to delete it? [Qt]
What are your most important console aliases?
sharepoint default fashion
Inherit existing web parts and override methods
How can I filter blog posts by author?
How to plot large data vectors accurately at all zoom levels in real time?
plsql custom numeric format
Why doesn't 'shell' work in VBscript in VS6?
exportation to excel from a repeater?
How to make a reference to a cell of another sheet, when the sheet name is the value of a cell?
How do I create two mutual producer/consumers with internal state in Haskell?
How do I alter tab autocomplete in bash to dive through folders?
svn check of drupal to another site
Loads of extra space at bottom of class in Visual Studio 2008 C# Express
apache mod_rewrite - rewriting from subdomain to main demesne
integrating visual studio test projection with cruise control
Need a mod_rewrite thingy
Hibernate: How to remove an entity to which noone refers to in ManyToOne?
How to convert QWidget 's image format from ARGB32_PreMultiplied to ARGB32 ?
hibernate how to retrieve a hierarchy object
Drupal: Duplicate search block?
How do I sample a matrix in Matlab?
ajax spot method converts my "+" value in a train to " " why?
Bash in vi-mode: browsing shell history with cursor up/down, cursor position not at the end?
Merge Excel Files Into One
xUnit Testing Framework for Mac/iPhone
how to add Adding external javascript in magento.
recursive function's rundown in matlab
Using functional programming in the real world
My Code is Jquery or AJAX
mock object and leap annotations
Can't copy or paste text in Cocoa after deleted edit menu item
fountain runtimebeanreference
can I use breakpoints with try catch statements with qt creator?
Using Linq to run a method on a collection of objects?
Modify automatically an attribute with magento
How do I add a file to Subversion that has the same name as a directory that was deleted?
Putting an NSPopUpButton in an NSToolbar
How to maintain scroll position after postback in web application created in visual studio 2003
Testing for GUI in .bashrc
C:\Documents and Settings\user\My Documents\NetBeansProjects\ConsultingAgency\nbproject\build-impl.xml:563: The module has not been deployed.
MySQL code fails to display category name (WordPress database)
Wordpress - Shadowbox skinning & sizing
is it possible to print all reudctions in Haskell - using WinHugs?
How to store dates without times in Core Data
Unable to find Applications folder in Mac's terminal
Getting QMake to generate a proper .app
Default logon-Domain for Sharepoint
Import Dumped SVN Repo into Visual SVN
A Haskell function of type: IO String-> String
Can you reliably set or delete a cookie during the server side processing of an Ajax (XHR) call?
how to edit .globalpreferences.plist without logout and login?
Remove duplicates in entries, scala way
drupal: losing ikon when moving site location; placeholders point to old absolute course rather than relative path
Apache Ant command line arguments without double quotes - is it possible?
Oracle 10gr2: enforce a date range
debugging nsobjectinaccessibleexception - the nsmanagedobject with id:0x123456789 has been invalidated
are there any good unit testing packages for excel
Magento - Changes to Edit Account Information screen do not get reflected
What type of index in best for DATE type on Oracle?
How do you arrange several proyects in a single SVN server?
Creating Project Fails in Visual Studio 2005 and VS2008
Oracle - side-by-side schema update technology...is there any?
Magento "Miscellaneous scripts"
Why does Char(1) change to Char(3) when copying over an Oracle DBLINK?
excel pivot table chain reference
visual studio mstest tally failing to even start
performance of dynamic sql phoebe stored procedures on oracle
customizing page view in sharepoint
Is there a way to make a region of code "read only" in visual studio?
firefox: bit.ly links in the sidebar of a customised wordpress blog gives a 404 mistake
rereading akka application.conf when using restarting container in sbt
Problem in sending excel file as attachment using mail function in php?
Hibernate Search Annotations not Inherited
iTunes Plugin Programming: Intercept Events
using bounce jdbctemplate
Haskell script running out of space
Hibernate - apply locks to parent tables in polymorphic queries
When porting Java code to ObjC, how to represent checked exceptions?
Haskell: How to pipe the contents of one handle into another in real time.
Save simple data in Magento's DB w/o Model
How to solve the problem with the use of deprecated function ereg() of PHP 5.3.0 in Drupal  6.13
hibernate insert into select
Bash: Recursively remove files
How to run every script in a directory except itself?
Why does Visual Studio 2008 forget where to dock my add-in's window pane?
Can you create more than one element of a list at a time with a list comprehension in haskell?
setting up a wysiwyg editor for drupal site users
Only allow one entry per User in a List - ListReceiver "Feature" for a List?
solution: per application, or per coating suite.
LINQ for diffing sets
Difference between print and print preview events in excel vba
How can I convert a (StorableArray (Int, Int) Word8) into a lazy ByteString?
Logging in as another user in sharepoint
Combining resultset in C# using Linq
Why does my wordpress 404 page appear blank?
How to plot a 3D plot in MATLAB?
Drupal's SimpleTest not creating copies of custom tables
HQL query equivalence: Why are them different
Wordpress plugin help
worpdress custom field problem
jQuery and JSON
how to correctly modify this wordpress procedure for widgets?
how to set the default value of a user defined editorial in sharepoint depending on the content type that uses it
spring initbinder and webbindinginitializer case ...
What is the correct type declaration for this function?
MATLAB: How do I pass a parameter to a function?
Any tools to get code churn metrics for a Subversion repository?
Change Ads automatically Drupal Ad module
How to set up multi-threading in Spring Batch?
Function Overloading in Excel VBA
PHP & MySQL on Mac OS X: Access denied for GUI user
How to use "macros" in VisualStudio 2008 build events?
How to execute sql-script file using hibernate?
Hibernate "PreInsertEvent.getSource()" NoSuchMethodError.
assist getting inserted data after qt's rowinserted signal
Integrating Drupal with OpenERP.
Web Part Feature and Reading XML File
Will Oracle retire 10gAS in favor of WebLogic?
pauperism help configuring 301 permanent redirect in apache for non www
What are the major issues to look for when moving an application built in Qt for a Symbian platform to a Windows Mobile platform?
Coming up with a SharePoint topology for a public facing website
Dynamic menu item in Drupal?
Write Text to a QTextEdit Box From a C Function
usage excel interop to grab paradigm of excel chart without writing to disk or using the clipboard
change search entite store message magento
Ejecting a hidden volume
SVN marks entire files as conflicted
blog station content via url parameters (meta) in wordpress
connecting to remote oracle via cygwin sqlplus
Virtualhost For Wildcard Subdomain and Static Subdomain
How to rewrite part of the url with .htaccess?
How to tell if the user's using 24 hour time using Cocoa
Handling incremental Data Modeling Changes in Functional Programming
How to resolve warnings when executing wordpress's xmlrpc.xml?
Microsoft Excel â€“ How to copy cells to a different worksheet on every nth row.
Executing commands containing space in bash
Enabling italics in vim syntax highlighting for mac terminal
cocoa/objective-c: get macbook icon
Wordpress plug-in to instantly reply to a form?
Magento CMS pages - getting title from URL key?
Schedule an appointent from a SharePoint workflow
How to display a raw YUV frame in a Cocoa OpenGL program
Change owner on publish node in Drupal
Whatâ€™s a good way to deal with a german keyboard when using Emacs on Mac OS X?
Locking Your Own NSPreferencePane?
Does Subversion merge diff or just update revision on unmodified files
ready conformation for spring + hibernate
How to put more than 1000 values into an Oracle IN clause
Problems using MySQL instead of MySQLi
Magento: Extending Customer Account Controller to add actions to the forgot password steps
must have sharepoint dev prick
how to set up virtual hosts properly on a windows automobile using zend community ce ?
My Spring AOP not working
using REST webservices as a datasource for Lift ?
Oracle cursor running through the last item twice
errors in windows forms controls in designer sight
Use HTTP Auth only if accessing a specific domain
factory methods for implementations of java port wrapped with scala implicits?
How to add additional headers to 302 redirects in Apache?
Oracle 11g Cold Restore?
haskell grouping problem
Drupal Computed Field - Calculating Time
Piping data on Windows command prompt
How do I create a toolbar in an XLA document?
Is there any good oracle podcasts
How to count the number of times a fuction was called, the FP way
initializing generic variables in scala
Wordpress redirect on password to certain page
display spot from x caterpillar and y tag
Google Analytics-like module for Drupal site behind firewall?
can't see product choice on magento 1.4.2
What am I missing from my enironment variables for my linker to fail with LNK1181?
Oracle 'identifier myschema.mytable must be declared'
Magento - List Products Categories
How do I make an OS X application react when a file, picture, etc is dropped on its dock icon?
How do I use subquery, groupby, max, and top in single linqToSql statement?
Hibernate mapping a second @Embeddable field in a subclass
Workarounds to avoid trying to conditionally protect cells in a shared workbook
What's a good book for learning Ajax?
Strange Oracle problem
How to force your local version as newest on SVN
cannot reach readystate=4
how to build Drupal 6 user form that display results on page ?
MATLAB: maximum pre-allocated size?
Height of NSTextView with one line?
Remote machines cannot connect to Visual Studio web server
Is it possible to customise drupal node reference and pass your search and a argument from another field
alternative to htaccess for windows?
How can I run an Excel Add-in on Mutliple instances of Excel.exe
can intellisense be exported or extracted from visual studio to a schoolbook file?
affiliate scheduling in magento
Inserting content into an existing div with AJAX and jQuery
many-to-many mapping not working, one side is set to inverse.
multi line text box in sharepoint web part
Issus deleting a site collection
What do you do when you feel you need a variatic list comprehension?
Global hotkey poller via python for Mac OS X
How do you deal with saving an attribute related to an object not yet created, via AJAX?
Cocoa Mail Framework
how to detect a build error from ant/maven via a bash script?
Neural network in Matlab
can macosx group multiple nsapplications so they look like one?
detecting sum point of cross using matlab
How do I simultaneously work on version 1.1 and version 2.0?
is there a better mode to erase a line than echo " "?
Using varargs from Scala
how do i joint tables on non-primary key columns in secondary tables?
Learning Haskell: String manipulation question
AJAX boardgame runs fine in Windows, but not in Linux - PROGRAMMING QUESTION
Convert haskell Int with leading zero to String
How do I create a filter for Microsoft Excel?
map versus mapM behavior
Can I declare a Global Inferred variable in C#?
Scalac command line parameters in eclipse?
Magento: how to prefill values of a product's dropdown attribute
Can't read variable that was stored from within a while loop, when out of the while loop.
xls to csv with chainese character support
OSX: Environment variables pointing to application bundles?
xcode clangor on startup
why in SPOJ we can't code in SCALA programming language?
how to show full nodes in persuasion in drupal 6?
How to check in MATLAB if a vector only contains zeros?
Linq - Using Except() on a Generic collection
Can I Install Visual Studio 2008 Express with VS 2005 ?
Moving from Windows API to Mac OS
[POSTGRESQL] How to map the type Interval in Hibernate ?
adding a custom grade element to an adminhtml mannikin
How can I get Wordpress archives by author username?
oracle pl/sql: loop through xmltype nodes
How to get all WebpartZones on a page in Sharepoint 2007?
LINQ: find all checked checkboxes in a GridView
enabling italic in vim syntax highlighting for mac terminal
Magento: use various methos in 1 model
JPA Map<String,String> mapping
finding the latest post by writer
scala: traits and abstract methods override
From where can i start magento extension development
Deriving a type and its dependencies
Qt GUI app: warning if QObject::connect() failed?
ajax combobox restraint
Problem with Japanese/International Characters with IIS7 URL Rewrite
Figuring out which menu item was triggered in Qt
Which CMS do I need? Needs to be easy to post a certain kind of post
Exporting Excel cell data to database via Excel macro?
MATLAB: Drawing a line over a black and white image
best way to encapsulate complex oracle pl/sql pointer logic as a view?
Equivalent of public static final fields in Scala
How do I silence Network.Browser.browse's logs to stdout?
Problems with Multiple QApplications
How to compare literals in COUNTIF
Un-Published items showing in Drupal search results (google search appliacne)
wordpress stake sync / publish to production
add more admin and allow permission in magento site
What is the cause and how to fix 503 errors with this in Apache error_log: "Broken pipe: ajp_ilink_send(): send failed"
How would you add a Group Feature like iChat's to your Core Data App?
limit for Ajax calls on a web page  ?
In bash, how does one clear the current input?
how to call the c static library in a cocoa app ?
how to trace a plan from its very beginning without running it as root
ASP.NET MVP and AJAX posting/webservices
interoperation between mercurial and subversion
Redirecting from pubilc_html to public_html/new/
SVN resolve multiple files using bash/terminal on OS X
What's best way to format C# in WordPress?
??? Error using ==> dlmread at 55 Filename must be a string.
lift net.liftweb.http.S#param doesnt works like wiki says
How do I search the collection of a collection in my LINQ Where clause?
How to retrieve data which caused unique constraint violation (via Hibernate)?
How do I create a text file so when it is opened in Excel, rows are grouped together?
Can you call one Drupal views template for multiple views?
hibernate hbm2hbmxml
Visual Studio - Publish to multiple locations?
ScriptResource.axd requests return HTTP 302
Compile Combination of qtwinmigrate + qtpropertybrowser Under VC++ 2008
clear buffer cache on mack os x
Optimizing extraction of data from a Matlab matrix
any disadvantages of accessing subversion repository through file:/// for a solo developer?
Linq expression trees
unable to login magento government
How do you stop SVN Checkout from bringing back files that were deleted from the project?
Magento Email Template Help
Why sometimes when I paste a command on my bash prompt it gets executed?
IE window in QT
cocoa + display digital certificates
Continuing Inserts in Oracle when exception is raised
Is there a tool to read a subversion repository via .net?
Spring + Hibernate Dynamic Mapping
how do i consolidate entries from multiple employee blogs into a single roentgen feed
xapool connection timed out
Visual Studio Performance Choice - ESXi or Vista?
User Interface for creating Oracle SQL Loader control file
Does making a primary key in multiple columns generate indexes for all of them?
how do i place the blog dowry of wordpress in a subdirectory, while keeping pages at the root?
Is a good idea to put all projects in the same trunk?
how to create Thread poolling using Spring scheduler?
bash: redirect and append both stdout and stderr
ajax wordpress posts
What font do xterms (X11) use on max osx and how can I use it in terminal or aquamacs emacs or other applications?
Where to place hooks in Drupal?
SharePoint 2007 - Get Central Admin URL ID (guid)
turn globed match from case into an array.
How can I loop through posts as well as child pages to display them all by date in Wordpress 2.9
apache plgin for ntlm for getting log in user name.
Will Pro*C work with MSVC 6?
are ajax website crawlable by search engines?
wordpress query
Intercept page request behind firewall return altered content with php and apache
Sales by Category in Magento?
2 customer created with master slave configured
How can I clean up dead connections using Oracle?
How to do an "in" query in entity framework?
Linq: In what situation do you use linq?
passing bash variables to ssh
can i run an arbitrary oracle sql playscript through odp.net?
Flex + Spring + BlazeDS + Glassfish + OpenMQ - How do you configure the web-application-config for OpenMQ?
Force an IQueryable to execute?
Escaping the '\' character in the replacement string in a sed expression
Best approach for using AJAX loaders?
hibernate manytomany
Why does TortoiseSVN (1.5.3) try to merge 1-Head when I pull from trunk?
Avoiding boilerplace when dealing with many unrelated types
In Drupal 6, is there a way to take a custom field from the latest post to a taxonomy term, and display it in a view?
a better way to do ajax in django
sharepoint lists.asmx: query yield deleted items?
how to change default pageboy for a site in sharepoint using team definition?
Magento: Two flat rate Shipping Rates based on weight
Product options and Add To Cart button don't appear on some pages in Magento
jQuery Magic with hook_form_alter in Drupal
Using NSProxy and forwardInvocation:
BASH: Does it support conditional variables like var="test"?"1":"2"
Client tools for Oracle?
wordpress: assigning whatchamacallum to individual pages
jQuery sortable and AJAX question. (sortable not working when the list comes from AJAX)
Blinking background cell in a model
Setting movie metadata with QTKit
Alternative to poseAsClass in Mac OS X 10.5 and higher?
PL/SQL: Problem in WHERE clause ( don't know how I can address results from DECODE() function in WHERE clause).
Reading text values into matlab variables from ASCII files
How can I embed a WordPress blog into another site?
Unable to publish web app: SpringSource Tool Suite problem?
Unit testing code that uses PortalSiteMapProvider
SQL command to LINQ (pivoting)
NSRequest - encode url for NSRequest POST Body (iPhone objectiive-C)
What is difference between Access and oracle????
How to organize files in Haskell programs?
Why my bash can't execute R script ?
[Oracle] - Alternatives to Toad
Magento - Programmatically added products don't show up
executing different bent of msbuild tasks for each user?
LINQ retreive values from a table that of which fields(of a cetain column) are not equal of another table
Full Linq Query Instead of Lambdas with Fluent-NHibernate?
How to get google page rank and number of searches in excel sheet
Mashups and SharePoint
AJAX checkbox if statement
Scala's for-comprehensions: vital feature or syntactic sugar?
Qt 4.5.3 QEvent::EnterEditFocus
How to run matlab codes from java end.
hibernate - projection a component
List construction in Haskell
Validation framework for business app built on Spring 2.5
pboard types will be deprecated
How to change node languages in batches?
Backup and Recovery Scenario
Traits vs template
Allot customer group according to their email id
Pattern matching against a tuple in the IO Monad in Haskell
Getting files and their version numbers from sharepoint
Fastest way to count number of uppercase characters in c#
implement thread for consuming operations in Qt
SVN Versioning
matlab: how to create a cell-array in matlab from this type of data
hibernate interrogation problem, so close and stumped...
.Net Localization problem
magento - checkout not redirecting to success pageboy
How to keep one variable constant with other one changing with row in excel
Converting large array of 8 bit binary
Get current working directory name in Bash Script
Is there an example on how to use Spring 3.0 content negotiation for RESTful services?
How do I add Paging to a sharepoint DataFormWebPart?
Need help choosing a framework for bilingual site
drupal : Content Access how to only show one content type
What is the missing parameter in connection pooling?
Should I use two "where" clauses or "&&" in my LINQ query?
How do I empty Drupal Cache (without Devel)
change default grid columns in Magento catalogue
matlab - creating a single dimensional array from two dimensional parts
Using a filename with spaces with scp and chmod in bash
Linq to SQL Nested IN FROM query
global properties in fountain
haskell caching results of a use
Spring MVC configuration question
How does one validate the schema of an XML file using Scala?
Facebook Game Function, Optimizin a Call, and Loading Bar
Deterministic Annealing Code
Append text to stderr redirects in bash
limit for ajax calls on a network page ?
Oracle: how to enable flashback "as of" queries for all developers?
How to run a script on device mount in OSX.
Qt: What unit-testing framework?
Generate information based on content in RoR, any ideas on that??
Check each pixel for a specific colour (within a certain threshold)
SpringFramework3.0: How to create interceptors that only apply to requests that map to certain controllers?
Linq query with left join and group
Mask redirect to temporary domain with mod_rewrite
LINQ :: Use static DataContext to prevent Concurrency Problem
How to script scala directly in JSP pages?
Solving drupal database entry dependancy problem?
precaution is skipped when it should not be.
can you reverse a string in one note with linq or a lambda expression
Visual Studio hangs on build
@transactional not working with leaping and hibernate
Hibernate: Parse/Translate HQL FROM part to get pairs class alias, class name
brawl scripting - how to set the group that new files will be created with?
Should I worry about the upgrade path for LINQ (the query language)
What event is raised when a file is added to a project?
wordpress conditional statements
How to disable the Quit func under the mutilDocument environment ?
OSX Audio Hijack style audio recording from other applications (cocoa)
run decibel query (sql server 2005) with ajax. is it possible?
LINQ Optimization Question
Improving Drupal development with Extreme Programming practices
Wordpress as CMS, Without Using It As Website Platform
Why does this first Haskell function FAIL to handle infinite lists, while this second snippet SUCCEEDS with infinite lists?
Spring servlet mapping - no css or jsp!
LINQ - writing a query with distinct and orderby
Testing Workflow History Autocleanup
Storage of auditable fields per entity
looking for 'sed' like functionality in Excel
What  is the best practice regarding Source code managment ?
How does one relaunch Finder programmatically?
How to Suppress the keychain prompt when the app modified?
How do I get rid of the dots!
No principal in request after Apache basic authentication (basic-auth) with mod_jk
spring simpleurlhandlermapping not allowing routing for any html pageboy
How do you add html/styling to the author profile on wordpress?
how do i create custom fields like mobile number in customer registration form without modifying magento meat files?
What manner of Haskell syntax is used in [$parseRoutes|/ Home GET|] ?
How do I get the values of #define-d constants?
How to extract and chop version string from file in bash
Hibernate one-to-one entity association with shared PK between 3 classes
T4 not working in Visual Studio 2008
can i use xmlhttprequest on a different interface from a script file loaded from that port?
Magento - Checkout not redirecting to success page
HOWTO transfer a request made to an Apache server to an IIS server without using a URL redirect?
Is it true LINQ is getting scrapped?
JMeter command line - linux version vs windows version
SVN Error: Expected fs format between '1' and '3'; found format '4'
how to wrapp an oracle stored subprogram in a function that gets executed by a standard select query?
LINQ COUNT on multiple columns
How can I identify a remote actor?
Building Projects in Visual Studio
Using random folder name on web server to restrict access to it - bad idea?
Porting C++ code from Windows to the Mac
Git or Subversion?
Why do these errors in Xcode Mean?
Change size of user/password login box
QPlainTextEdit for single line of input
Rehsarper 4.0 - Renaming a class does not rename the file
add a procedure to onload in drupal
How can I detect that the number of rows in an NSTableView has changed?
Where to manage the most sensitive content you have under version control?
Oracle optimizing query involving date calculation
How do I set a dependency on Spring Web Services in my POM.xml
Linq Query on int using string
Internal redirects after using Apache's mod_rewrite
NSEnumerator performance vs for loop in Cocoa
bash : make chore every x days
subversion ramification reintegration
client side spring
making sure a spring noodle is properly initialised
How good is Subversion at storing lots of binary files?
QT programming tutorials (c++)
matlab Bucketing Algorithm Help
Get three posts before a certain date in Wordpress
Excel VBA returning weird results with large calculations
Can Ctrl+Backspace be made to work in VS2008's Solution Explorer?
Magento migration to local environment
How to configure Spring Security PasswordComparisonAuthenticator
Can a custom guard mechanism be defined in Haskell?
how to capture an image from the window mobile device using Qt?
Svn organisation problem
Tab-completion of filenames
Another Spring + Hibernate + JPA question
Defining macros in Visual Studio - /D or #define?
easily using excel data in sql server
How can I deny users to add/modify/remove printers to cups ?
How do you give a text field a default font and some padding?
bash loop between two given dates
Change position of currency selector in Magento
How to see the normal tooltip information in Visual Studio instead of the error help
java spring-hibernate map question?
Custom logic for exposed filters in a Drupal view
Using NSOperation for threading creates too many objects
how to hide the dockage image
How to connect my Spring + Hibernate based application backend with pure HTML and AJAX based client?
Importing/parsing XML from URL into Magento
installing c++ boost on mac osx leopard -- port fails
How do I undo "svn switch" on a subdirectory?
qt: defining a custom case type
how to add url shortener api to wordpress mail links?
Simple Scala actor question
creating inner classes with spring
Magento with external datasource
change post class while saving post
MATLAB: how to locate the nth appeared number in a loop?
.htaccess - redirect anchor link
How to select a related group of items in Oracle SQL
how can i pass a course name as an argument to an object factory in cocoa?
How do I update a website custom property in Sharepoint?
searching date meta ticket in sharepoint
How to tell when a QTMovie starts playing?
Which is more efficient in Haskell; pattern matching or nest if/switch statements?
Virtual Host points to another Virtual Host - Urgent!
Drupal path problem - views vs node
How to convert Matlab output into an array?
What's the drupal way to define global constants?
Is there a way to maximise the current tab in Visual Studio?
What programming task provided your breakthrough with monads?
Ajax.Actionlink, how to get the form data to the controller action
skip reading headers in matlab
Sharepoint custom web part property does not show up in the toolbox
removing <ul> smoke via css
how can i stop cl.exe from terminating when a user logarithm out?
reversing rows in excel formulas
how to get a product's image in magento?
Sharepoint Item Level Access & performance
should i function imagemagick or gd2 with imageapi in drupal?
wordpress custom page template
Static testing for Scala
how to retrive data from MySQL using javascript
Good drupal books/resources for programmers/developers?
Need help on setting web service proxy dynamically without build?
Haskell - Redefining (hiding) arithmetic operators
fountain mvc configuration question
Is there a "right" way to have NSTextFieldCell draw vertically centered text?
settings from qt project file in code
Has anyone else seen bugs in Excel's activex combo boxes, (especially when contained in a sheet and when using the listfillrange or linkedcell properties)?
mod_rewrite: Rewriting / to cgi script
How do you move a file in SVN?
how to pass a java object as a parameter to a matlab function
linq to sql batch delete
Wordpress show preview of Article/Site
Is there a way to add a Subversion section to the right click menu for TextMate ?
Mac vs. Ubuntu for C/C++ development?
IIS 6.0+ equivalent to Apache's content negotation/AddLanguage?
real-world representative of scala applications?
Setting color when drawing into a NSImage
Why is movie jumpy when I play simultaneously in 2 Cocoa views?
Writing applications with Scala actors in practice
Drupal module development question relating to cookies and redirects
what options do ace have for linq projections?
how to sketch a polygon in a matrix or binary image in order to use prototype processing functions?
How to keep Visual Studio debugger visualizers from timing out?
MFC "Warning: skipping non-radio button in group."
hidden features of leap framework ?
Spring - Ways to include a jar which itself is using Spring in a Spring project
how to use linq to group every n number of rowing
What's the best way to have multiple groups of simple featured products in Magento?
How to make Apache/mod_python process to collect its zombies?
Is It Possible To Spring Autowire the same Instance of a protoype scoped class in two places
excel image describes a radical of adjacent cells. when several groups of non-contiguous cells are selected, how do you get them all from worksheet.selected (range)?
Hibernate Immutable Value Object
How do I create a Magento module or widget that will appear on the shopping cart page?
magento - link to a frontend skin j file from an admin file
How to get Scala plugin and AJDT to be installed in same Eclipse
performing part of a iqueryable query and deferring the rest to linq for object
cocoa NIB files + localization
Magento: output an attibute as a link
How to get Haskell syntax highlighting on PHP blog
Some help with hibernate Criteria query
.htaccess mod_rewrite issue
Linq where in between IENumerable and List<>
InputManager plug-ins in Snow Leopard (OS X 10.6)
AJAX chat, auto scroll window
Better way to revert to a previous SVN revision of a file?
Getting object instance by string name in scala
retrieving and loading third degree refferenced classes through hql
How to know a device's name from its device ID in OS X?
update progress and it shows image while data is pulled from Database.  but need  to  block the  screen
Does Ajax detoriates performance?
best way to manage team membership in drupal-based site
How do I display a counter(ie, no. of times downloaded) in an MS Excel 07 spreadsheet when the spreadsheet(.xls) is downloaded off my webpage?
can i unite matlab and autocad into one scheme
In scala, how would to declare static data inside a function?
Oracle SQL - Parsing a name string and converting it to first initial & last name
How to keep Excel interop from stealing focus while inserting images
drupal airfield with mp3 files in - play as playlist with titles
How do I get wordpress to override a previous posts query?
Setup an Excel template so calculations are not dependant on a specific number of columns / rows
How to work with assertEqual with parameterized types
drupal ubercart order update djano
LINQ inner join betwenn Enumerable and DB Table
How to draw (semi-)logarithmic 3d plots? (Matlab)
[Apache] Creating rewrite rules for multiple urls in the same folder
Magento: case/tiered pricing and being able to break out of case and price for individual skus
Is it possible to deploy an already built Drupal site?
using frameworks in a command argument shaft
Why cannot this.type be used for new instances
How to get values of bind parameters from Oracle JDBC PreparedStatement object
SharePoint file size limit
Excel XML, how can I get Excel to display my DateTime field in yyyy-MM-dd format?
Getting hibernate to log clob parameters
Excel as database frontend for several concurrent users - doable?
drupal form override theme function
including a debug soma in a library's mac os x sdk
Month navigation sidebar in blog section?
Issue with echo and tab in Bash
Issues with 404 pages when inserting posts and changing permalink to /%postname%/
LINQ grouping/subquery to fill a hierarchy data strcuture
Maintain HTTP Referer
How do i get the Sum in this Linq query?
Debugging QList<double> in Visual Studio with Qt integration
What's the default value of the Hibernate property hibernate.jdbc.factory_class?
what instrument do you use for counting argument of source code in visual studio projects ?
How to make qmake compile multiple cross platform binaries
Querying collections of value type in the Criteria API in Hibernate
Extracting Filiform Areas using MATLAB
How can I create a triangular matrix based on a vector, in MATLAB?
Core Animation with a Core Graphics drawing
How can I best create a SharePoint list view that shows only root folder contents?
Mono on a Mac - what database to use?
Apache MaxClients when KeepAlive is Off
How to start playing with Lift framework?
how to evaluate a given path within a bash shell
get wordpress post id from position title
Haskell: print TextEncoding
in excel automation, how to gracefully handle invalid file format misplay upon file opening?
mapping multi-level inheritance in hibernate with note
Creating a "Breaking News" div with ajax if file exists?
haskell: variant of `show` that doesn't wrap string and char in citation
Why do scala implicitly convert Char to Int?
haskell: composing two error-raising office
How to set up virtual hosts properly on a windows machine using Zend Community CE ?
Haskell - how to generate permutations
how do i install nano-hmac on mac osmium x?
Access to QTabBar instance
How do I copy a range in vba?
What files are you allowed to modify in SharePoint 2007?
Paginating a long list of checkboxes in Magento
Running on 32 or 64 bit matlab?
What is native web services?
spring JDBC
Why is this type variable ambiguous?
how do i interpret error codification from frontpage extensions?
Why is my Bash script adding <feff> to the beginning of files?
Integrating Search Server 2008 Express with WSS 3.0
cocoa: any hindrance required for multiple asynchronous nsurlconnections?
hibernate security apprehension: hibernate vs. stored routine
LINQ to SQL Designer Bug
How to create installer for Mac Operating system for my java application
which file? to edit the breadcrumbs starting point
Breakpoints not being hit
Deleting a LOT of data in Oracle
Count between range of date bind in gridview. LINQ to SQL Visual Basic
what cocoa/core initiation helper functions do you wish you knew about 2 years ago?
Scala Parser Token Delimter Problem
Editing history in bash
Subversion question: How can I use post-commit hooks to copy committed files to a web directory?
ajax in each time or load everything at once
With wordpress, is there a statement like current_user_can except show something if a user does not have specific access?
Best Practice creating Forms in Wordpress
selected index of a vba combobox
How to track down CPU intensive requests
How to deploy an assembly using the Team Definition in Sharepoint?
How to pass content of file from fileupload control to web method via javascript?
parsing a line in bash
Bad class file error when using Scala 2.8.0-rc1 in Javafx 1.2
pixel size od NSBitmapImageRep
Argument type for Qt signal and slot, does const reference qualifiers matters?
How to suppress the file corrupt warning at excel download?
Visual Studio 2008 Design Surface Error: "The operation could not be completed. Invalid formatetc structure."
is it possible to change page before ajax?
Linq-to-SQL ToDictionary()
What is the best practices in switching between application windows in Qt?
CPAN/gem-like repository for Objective-C and Cocoa?
How to trasnform query?
How to keep URL display unchanged after redirecting root folder to sub folder
Need some help synch'ing outer loop counter with dialog.onconfirm()
left side menu in magento modern theme
Mapping both static and dynamic files in Tomcat/Spring?
Excel detect inactivity
What happens to oracle sequence in a disaster recovery?
How to use Linq To Sql to count the idle working duration in a day?
Apache: Download files getting a CR inserted before every LF (even spreadsheets)
im confused with apache vhost
LINQ to Objects question
Programmatically extract data from an Excel spreadsheet.
Oracle ORDImage processing in PL/SQL: Getting IMG-00710 and ORA-01031
Pattern-matching Seq's in Haskell
how to show a title of document window without icon?
how to run a windows 2008 project from the scheduler with "interact with desktop"
how does a spring framework works?
drupal import tweets from twitter as guest
Is it possible to limit the lines of text displayed in a Sharepoint list view?
wordpress static/post pages
[bash] Fill placeholders in file in single pass
automatically processing contents of <textarea> without user pressing a button
Is there a quick way to say If notempty x = y else x = default in a Linq where query
Wordpress SEO Features
Drupal retrieve the 'Minimum order amount' for free shipping value
Has anyone ever encountered a Monad Transformer in the wild?
How to create a flash website based on Drupal CMS?
Show secondary links in views only
Converting a HQL-query which includes elements() to Criteria API
scala: whats the best way to do numeric performance in generic classes?
How do I dump one project out of a SVN repository which contains multiple projects
how do i use su to execute the rest of the bash book as that user?
what was the name of the macintosh (68000) assembler?
How to copy a list in Scala
static factory method (Spring)
Using LINQ how do I have a grouping by a "calculated field"
How to copy a file to multiple directories using the gnu cp command
NSScanner - Scan Next Line into String
How do I test if a floating point number is an integer in haskell?
Bash. Test for a variable unset, using a function
Mac OS X: Quickest way to kill/quit an entire process tree from within a Cocoa application.
Spring 3 replacement for isDisabledInThisEnvironment
how to change the wordpress cope request
in NHibernate, map 4 similar columns to list<string>
Which is the best IDE for Scala development?
What is the reason for NSFileManager's inconsistent use of NSURL?
differing apache solr effect when doing queries through drupal â€“ why?
iphone programming in macintosh os x runnning not in a mac computer
drupal: last meat version update. risky, if i don't update it ?
allow mobile access to an infopath pattern on a forms server/sharepoint instance
How to call MATLAB code from C?
AbstractTransactionalJUnit4SpringContextTests: can't get the dao to find inserted data
Magento not allowing symbolic links
DateTime, DateTime? and LINQ
Single file merge in subversion
VS.NET "watched" objects and recursive depth
How do I alias the scala setter method 'myvar_$eq(myval)' to something more pleasing when in java?
Magento - Communication between 2 blocks
Efficient String Implementation in Haskell
Compiling Qt libraries to run with Visual Studio 2008, why does nmake fail?
exporting matlab class object (or struct) into java object of similar class using xml
Getting notified when the current application changes in Cococa
Little Bash Script: Catch Errors?
Linq .Contains with large set causes TDS error
Hibernate HQL query by using like operator
Postback or Callback?
Why would a Database developer use LINQ
Ruby interpreter won't run on my Mac
Switching from Tomcat to Glassfish
Oracle Analytic Question
Haskell: convert unicode integer to actual unicode character
Removing SourceSafe Integration from Visual Studio 6
LazyInitializationException in Spring
docking custom project panes
Best way to simulate "group by" from bash
Changing a column in oracle that has a foreign key constraint
how to use a procedure parameter in a query
Hibernate Annotation Many To Many delete problem
How to insert customize check condition (eg JRE Check) in Package Maker, Mac
Unique id on the 'a' tag of a menu item in Drupal
in Haskell how do you match against the type 'Either a b' ?
Enabling management of content types on SharePoint lists via web service
Automatic casting in Scala
Drupal: Duplicate blog tags showing in block
Building which properties to select with LINQ To Object
Finding correlated values from second table without resorting to PL/SQL
Excel formatting question, default line color
Intercept WordPress Admin Dashboard for Alerts
Cocoa Core Data - Background Thread
Problem creating bean of sessionFactory in spring-hibernate configuration
How do I plot to an image and save result without displaying it, in matlab
spring & web service client - Fault Detail
oracledependency not firing effect
Redirecting a Directory to a Script on Apache
How do I prevent Excel from rendering the spreadsheet as my macro calculates it?
Scala extra parentheses printout
Add a common namespace reference by default to all pages in a project
Persistent UIBarButtonItem in UIToolbar?
How do I set the color of an individual point in an Excel scatterplot using .NET?
OSX Malicious Terminal Command (colon, brackets, curly brackets, apersand, etc)
Hibernate @OrderBy with referenced class
SVN best-practives - working in a team
Disabling copy of empty text in Visual Studio
Compare lists and get values with Linq
Magento - Buy it now buttons and checkout process
how to deploy web.config modifications in a Sharepoint web application?
can a wordpress blog puff content from django pages?
Google Adsense doesn't work with Drupal
ajax request to different host
get magento module config data in Observer
SharePoint: "Failed to extract the cab file in the solution"
Creating an admin url for Magento that is admin.magentostore.com (not /admin)
Excel cell Format Changes in text
add a common namespace reference by default to all pages in a projection
Would ReadyBoost have an impact on Visual Studio 2008?
SVN: set properties on directories only
Running NArrange from SVN pre-commit hook
LINQ - NOT selecting certain fields?
Qt use-case for same signal to 2 slots on same object?
MAGENTO: welcome page and pricing by city
Oracle Text: How to sanitize user input
Lock error while running programme in Qt/c++
How to do we keep multiple semantic values during parsing with Happy/Haskell
ADO.NET Data Service not dynamically updating
Designing Web services for AJAX Consumption
How do I serve a script with apache instead of running it?
QMetaObjec::invokeMethod returns true, but method is never called
Apache Config Mime Types: xlsx files are being interpreted as zip files on download, why?
SQL: the semicolon or the slash?
Mac OS replace ';' with new line on text file
store and retrieve trope by hibernate
SVN and renaming the server it's running on
List comprehension won't give correct result in Haskell
how to simulate the concept of object identity in Haskell
is bash getopts function destructive to the command-line options?
Why am I getting tree conflicts in subversion?
Drupal vs OSCommerce
How Long Polling in AJAX works
How exactly JdbcTemplate with TransactionManager works together?
Qt moc_ include file problem
What is the difference between Microsoft AJAX and AJAX Pro?
Ajax Dial Control?
The easiest way to write NSData to a file
How do you get a minimal SDL program to compile and link in visual studio 2008 express?
Tortoise svn Subversion Update Error
Workflow that knows which fields were changed
moving moss shared service supplier
How to get Model errors in AjaxSubmit?
Visual Studio unmanaged C++ smart file explorer
Why do you hate sequences on Oracle?
Not a valid Office Add In
AJAX to do Real Time DB Polls like Twitter's "Real Time Results" in Coldfusion
Magento - Is it possible to feed IE6 a different template?
Strange visual studio 2008 behavior when pressing keys
How to perform Request destination in user page
In apache, if i go to https://mysite.com, the page itself is over https, but all images/links are http://. Is there way to auto rewrite the html so its all https://?
how can i have corruption keep only the latest verison of a file?
Problem with IE8 using AJAX
How to change image on locale base in magento?
How to delete / clear all product reviews in magento?
Using symbolic links inside OS X application bundles
team system unit testing and configuration
NSFileHandle readInBackgroundAndNotify does not work
Generating scala AST for recursive method.
using oracle ref cursor in java without oracle dependence
Hibernate HQL with interfaces
add custom field to onepage check in magento
Connect points and compute area
use excel for calculations in web app
Hibernate - why use many-to-one to represent a one-to-one?
UNDOTBS Tablespace is Full what now?
Looking for a secure SVN remote update post-commit hook
How can I use custom animations for onOrderOut in Core Animation?
How can I create a parser combinator in which line endings are significant?
Drupal form editing and conditional fields.
Spring - Best approach to provide specific error messages in a validator from a DAO?
What are the best methods to ensure our SharePoint implementation is accessible?
Is form display dependent on development machine in Visual Studio?
VSTemplate with build action
relocation R_X86_64_32 against a local symbol' error
Module Adminhtml blocks not loading
how do you create a new site templet for my sites?
changing user role in drupal
team origination server - use api to sync to svn
Exporting excel to xml spreadsheet with blank cells
NSOutlineView not doing what it has should do in it's subclass.
AJAX readystate
Determine if NSNumber is NaN
how to check if an ajax function is busy from a previouse song
Advanced linq book?
sharepoint (moss 2007) successful anatomy authentication redirects to machine name
why does my out of the box sharepoint navigation look like it is leaking store
How can I automatically quote or group commandline arguments for alias in bash?
Custom cases of product in Magento?
How do you integrate a TDD approach with VisualStudio?
Magento extension giving problem at time of install
how to get emplacement inside a select statement
Wordpress Base Path Hook?
how to implement lazy loading in hibernate
How to create DMG file which will allow autostarting an application efter bootup
Implementing CTCP commands in an IRC bot (Haskell)
How can I package an extensible default Spring configuration in my framework?
Getting a  Spring resource
Paypal Standard option does not appear on the Checkout page
can a bash handwriting tell what directory it's in?
Plot graphs in MATLAB
Can I write programs in Qt and sell them as "closed sourced"?
Spring Security: Redirect to invalid-session-url instead of logout-success-url on successful logout
Hibernate resolve foreign key lookup id by name
Crossing axis and labels in matlab
Spring Security Account lockout
Batch adding attribute to attribute sets
Spring Injecting into Struts RequestProcessor
link to download apache http server source for windows
How Can I add additional functions to Visual Studio's Server Explorer?
Linq update record
Don't mix Response.Write with AJAX, but what about UI.HtmlTextWriter?
How to play with Specs matchers in Scala REPL?
My under development local drupal site become very slow, how to solve?
How to solve symbolic equation with double coefficients in matlab?
Scala XML serialization
how to convert task files?
Apache using Python 2.4, Python 2.5 scripts failing
Drupal module nested menu items
Oracle 11g SQL select max integer value of varchar column
any clever agency to launch a makefile in visual studio only if build succeeded?
Using mod_rewrite with mod_vhost_alias
Porting a Python app that uses Psyco to Mac
Can you return an unevaluated function in scala?
Deploying simple scala app(non-webapp) managed with maven
[Haskell] Odd values when enumerating a list
how to see the code fo a matlab mex file
imultipleresults: how do i deal with multiple result set from a stored proc when they don't map to types?
Key-Value-Observing a to-many relationship in Cocoa
issue with QT slider signal/gui
How to obtain the macros defined in an Excel workbook
How do I set the execuable attributes with qmake for a c++ project?
Keeping request parameters on Spring SimpleFormController with Validator
What is the correct way to set up an observer in Magento?
How to remove maximize button in Mac OS X tool window in Qt
exercise of web sites using ajax or push technology on their home page (or other useful pages)
using find function on column and rows in matlab
changing paths to paradigm in wordpress
How to remove an item from a List in Haskell
In AJAX how to retrive variable from inside of onreadystatechange = function ()
drupal - use l or url mapping for mailto links
how to intercept all signaling emitted by a given effect in qt?
How to register new schema in cocoa/objective-c?
Hibernate query for entity based on whether related entity property is null?
Haskell lists of datatypes
wordpress plugin to upload file directly to amazon s3
array dependency injection in spring?
Grabbing text between slashes in Excel
SQLPlus settings to generate tab-separated data file
Spring WebContent Resources - Access outside ServletContext
automatic tracking of build numeral in vs 2005?
Creating tables for copy from Word to Excel
How to set output path in a Qt project
Has anyone successfully migrated from VSS 2005 to SVN?
Spring Custom Filter Problem?
how to conditionally show jsp content to logged in exploiter with fountain security
How to process file names with variables from a list in a file in Bash
svn update job in eclipse
hibernate, instrumentation and delete cascade club
wordpress functions.php
JDBC connection to Oracle Clustered
Applying a function that may fail to all values in a list
customer side templates in javascript how to bind data
GHCi error: Not in scope
Source Control in Visual Studio Isolated Shell
How to filter child collections in Linq.
Detecting when an NSView is dealloc'ed
bounce mvc with an externally rendered pdf as the view
Is there a helper to know whether a property has been loaded by Hibernate ?
problem with oracle sqlplus with whitespace in the path of the @ command
Which IDE for Scala 2.8?
Running other java versions on OSX
Grant Select on all Tables Owned By Specific User
.NET projects build automation with NAnt/MSBuild + SVN
SAAS per seat authentication
Drupal: Can I avoid forwarding after content is created / saved ?
Mac/Windows Switching
How to read bytes from a Socket in Haskell
Program version using the database?
how to get a arrow value in haskell?
Spring Timers on JBoss don't stop when undeployed
Generic wildcards in variable declarations in Scala
SSIS Oracle Parameter Mapping
Oracle: sequence MySequence.currval is not yet defined in this session
microsoft provider for prophet and positional parameters
Check if a program exists from a bash script.
How can I factor this Haskell expression to avoid repeated computation?
Is there a difference between delegate/selector and target/action?
How can I create a cell of strings out of a meshgrid in Matlab?
Possible to create Oracle Database object types inside of PL/SQL?
Why would .htaccess fire twice in IE when downloading a protected XLS file?
Spring queryForLong - Loss of precision
Which language should I pick up: VB.Net or C#
matlab: different subroutine returns from command line and within function
how do i get the min from a linq to dataset query
awk '{print $9}' the last l -l column including any spaces in the file name.
How can I manage merging updates from several developers?
Ajax Returns Random Values?
drupal: tags for cck domain ?
Wordpresss- Custom Table Loop- not quite right
redirecting standard output to the calling process
Changing XML Namespace with Scala
how to change style for guest in nsoutlineview?
What is scala -i command-line option supposed to do ?
who are using all the retentiveness on my production server(apache + mysql + rails) ?
how to plot ellipse in this format?
Adding to the Where clause of an Update in LinQ-to-Entities
Using conditional statements inside 'expect'
scala: mixins depending on type of arguments
LINQ to DataSet, distinct by multiple columns
Magento as low as price displays on some pages but not all?
Cocoa Distributed Objects, Long Polling, lunchd and "Not Responding" in Activity Monitor
Moving a directory atomically
upgrade magento latest version from 1.1.3 through admin dashboard
Subversion branch question
Qt best choice for animation on embedded
capturing standard error into a variable in bash
How do I use CREATE OR REPLACE?
Can't echo wp_count_posts('page')???
What is the fastest way to insert data into an Oracle table?
hibernate object vs database physical model
Megento vertnav expand one category
mod_rewrite: Redirect if anything but a file
Int vs Integer in class instance
How to create infinitely repeating list in Haskell?
Getting a CGImageRef from IKImageBrowserView
Scala - which characters can I omit
Matlab engine VS libraries created by MATLAB Compiler
Apache Changelog: 2.2.12 and 2.2.14
Spring + Hibernate + JPA
how to simple add an object to a collection in hibernate from client
Ajax Jquery Get, Post mothed issue.
css recess in adventurer (insert humor here)
python 2.5 removal
wordpress - how to get php variable in page from sidebar
[NSPredicateRowEditorTemplate templatesWithAttributeKeyPaths:inEntityDescription:] for to-many key?
LINQ and the Count extension method
Magento - How to add/remove links on my account navication?
how to prevent a script chassis running simultaneously?
How to handle Multiple views using ajax and asp.net
Generate Square Mesh, Given an Unordered X, Y and Z Vectors
scala combinator parsers - distinguish between number strings and variable strand
Ajax jquery <a> to update database
Can you configure a single folder in a WordPress install that will allow directory list contents
visual studio 2008 macro to switch between cope and source files?
Spring validation errors not displayed
Mixing RewriteRule and ProxyPass in Apache
preventing db countersign from being accidentally checked into public svn
WordPress: Is it possible to make one particular post always on TOP on blog.wordpress.com?
Re-enabling JavaScript debugging in IE7 with Visual Studio
Cross product of 2 sets in Scala
Possible to override site creation in Sharepoint?
Trying to get signals to work in my QT. I need some advice and help
Scala Actors: Different behavior on JRE 1.5 and 1.6
My trigger doesn't work in updatepanel?
Does anybody have experience with Visual Studio 2008 on Windows 7?
Haskell XMLRPC server executing dynamically generated functions
LINQ ISNULL
QT: creating an "svg image button"
alternate play / pause button for wordpress wpaudio soundmanager plugin
Changing Legend Type in Excel
Is there a nice, safe, quick way to write an InputStream to a File in Scala?
When does svn BASE become equal to the HEAD
best way to give editors ability to assign background images in drupal 6
When does using structs make sense in cocoa?
what are the type when ajax should not be used?
Is [[ ]] preferable over [ ] in bash scripts?
Optimizations for a Write heavy Oracle application?
Using drupal batch api with services
setting a attribute in a spring bean outside the spring attic definintion.
How do I get only the selected products from an order object?
What is the difference between scala's case class and class
Reasonably secure way to allow table name access on client side
How to access parent element in Scala XML
writing video from webcam using opencv
how i use spring and netbeans
Exposing multiple objects with RMI in Spring
Return typed DataTable from Linq Query
QGraphicsItem : emulating an item origin which is not the top left corner
which platform do I need to install for qt for apps running on windows and linux
Pivot table Values are now screwy
Hibernate load UserType object from repository
Parse a dhcpd.lease File with Bash
is storing config variables in an xml file on a php site under the site ascendent too risky?
How to iterate headers of sys.net.webrequest (ajax)
Linq-to-entities - Include() method not loading
How to perform spring validation  in multiaction controller?
drupal form redaction and conditional fields.
How to create a preprocessing application for indexing heavyweight formats in Microsoft Search Server 2008?
Upload and Crop image
why doesn't deferred implementation cache iterative values?
Writing from Matlab to Excel with activex
Linq to filter directories
Wordpress get_the_ID() returns nothing but get_the_title() returns title?
Update SubmitChanges() - does not update.
Term for rotating header
What's the Scala syntax for a function taking any subtype of Ordered[A]?
Sharepoint refine results control only uses the current pages values.
query about design guidelines for covering development.
linq to sql
Magento layout related basic Questions ?
Apache 2.2 ignoring VirtualDocumentRoot VirtualHosts?
Mac OS X: Where should I store save games for a game delivered as a bundle?
Determining ManyToMany vs OneToMany using ClassMetadata
drupal views: how to a mark the last time a view cache was refreshed to the view display
How to create picture link in ASP.NET MVC?
Referencing a COM assembly in Visual Studio vs converting a COM assembly via tlbimp.exe
How to close modal window when window is closed ?
How do I solve this possibility problem with MATLAB?
problem with oracle application server ssl security
DB Index speed vs caching
in matlab, how do i apply a purpose of two arguments to two cellarrays of equal length?
(Visual)SVN ignore files by Regex
Visual Studio and the build for anycpu option
Linking GUI app against a static lib in QtCreator
Drupal / Htaccess: Rewriting specific URL
Using Makefile instead of Solution/Project files under Visual Studio (2005)
How can I inject a property value into an annotation configured spring mvc 3.0 controller
How do you modify the fields output in Drupal's RSS Feeds
Understanding this matrix transposition function in Haskell
why does my contentedness change when running in apache xampp?
Update Files in Sharepoint Document Library
Scala Traits Usage
Sharepoint: how can i find all the pages that host a particular web part?
hibernate articulation tables duplicate introduction - could not execute jdbc muckle update
Adding posts with thumbnail programatically in WordPress
Adding sorting to a view on Drupal?
what is the linq enquiry that would replace my two foreach
transaction timeout not working on hibernate with oracle
Adding a SVN repository in Eclipse
Scala: how to specify varargs as type?
Automatically refresh Drupal node after hook_view
Oracle V$OSSTAT
In svn, can I revert a change and shelve it for later?
Example of Spring missuse
why size of lucene power increased if i index the same data?
How to unimport String "+" operator in Scala?
How can i intregrate camiloo with magento
How to reset svn-properties according to new SVN config?
Make linq subquery
How I can export a datatable to excel 2007 and pdf from asp.net?
How to load and show an png image in matlab?
How to configure svn in local server/LAN server
Microsoft provider for Oracle and positional parameters
Can NSAlert Be Used to Create a Floating Window?
Bash: Syntax error: redirection unexpected
can any one tell me which is the best way to learn spring
How do you model form changes under Spring MVC?
Graph representation in Haskell
Spring MVC 3 Validation - Unable to find a default provider
Oracle Materialized Views Vs Replication on the same DB server
Apache CGI redirect to absolute URI doesn't work
CATransform3D vs. CGAffineTransform?
Java SortedMap to Scala TreeMap
drupal  how to refresh the page when the content is created in the popups
programmatically set a specific bean object - fountain di
Why does QWebFrame::evalutateJavaScript do nothing in this case?
apache prefork/mod_wsgi spawned process reckoning seemingly past constellation
Apache mod_rewrite - rewriting from subdomain to main domain
Drupal: Sharing content across Multisite
What is the best approach for decoupled database design in terms of data sharing?
Mixing ON and USING within one join
Redirecting URLs (with specific GET parameters)
app pool identity - farm admin
Save last working directory on Bash logout
Oracle APEX access
Any risks using Macports?
Can't make hibernate stop showing SQL using Spring JPA Vendor Adapter
Visual Studio 2010 SP1 to 11 Beta - Unit Test Project Cannot be Loaded
Boolean column in Microsoft Access and filtering data using linq
Errors in Windows Forms controls in designer view
Anybody using Qi4J
Common Rewrite Setting For Multiple VHosts
magento: output an attibute as a contact
Status bar in bash
NMBLookup OS X returning inconsistant results
Magento: Filter Configurable Product by their options
Get Drupal Paths During node 'insert' operation with Pathauto enabled?
ways to get the middle of a list in Haskell
Excel "External table is not in the expected format."
Linq To SQL Without Explicit Foreign Key Relationships
splitting information into trainning/testing datasets in matlab?
LINQ: Remove items from IQueryable
Should I consider LINQ to Entities?
supporter making my root directory not executable for cgi scripts
open firmware console on mac osX (intel)
Mod Rewrite: How do you rewrite out of the URL's home directory?
Query to show images with recent posts in Wordpress sidebar/widget
How to explicity tell SVN to treat a file as text, not binary
How can the crosshair of ginput be restricted to one plot?
QT: downloadProgress not emitted from QNetworkReply
Linq Multiple Grouping
How do I take a screengrab of a single window using Cocoa or Carbon on OS X?
do if -a vs -e option
Spring and Hibernate, Lazy initiation problem
Wordpress: Can one page have two parents?
How to mark a point in a MATLAB plot?
Split string in Linq select statement
how can i employment nslog in main() but outside of nsapplicationmain?
Bash: Recursively adding subdirectories to the path
register a protocol on mac osx?
excel assist needed: insert row with total under each group
SharePoint SPSite Disposing
Visual Studio refactoring: Remove method
Does not using Interface Builder buy me anything?
drupal site - memcache connective errors
magento & google checkout & racecourse conversions
Wordpress custom query pagination
Using Maven in Hibernate Tutorial
Is there a way to force traffic comin from www.abc.com to go to abc.com via htaccess or dns?
NSOutlineView, NSTreeController and willDisplayCell
How do I get svn:ignore to work properly?
Writing an Excel Addin User Guide
Web Application Development on Scala
nspopupbuttoncell inside usage nscell does not change selection when item is selected from menu
Slow Scala assert
What is the Visual Studio 08 C# Assembly Information GUID setting for?
Scala wont pattern match with java.lang.String and Case Class
Getting Apache to execute command on every page view
A Stackoverflow mapping (Hibernate)
hint for resolving hibernate/jpa entitynotfoundexception
wordpress: find office in category 1 and not in category 2
Global object for Javascript to interact with Safari plug-in
Zip Code distance in excel
Using relative URLs with mod_rewrite
can a bash subroutine be used in different scripts?
Spring Webflow: cannot get flow execution url at action phase of portlet
Team working on Drupal - Tips
How To Prevent Tab Hell With Visual Studio And FireFox Debugging?
jQuery Cross domain ajax calls and Internet Explorer
Creating an aggregate blog?
Spring JTA configuration - how to set TransactionManager?
Haskell: surprising behavior of "groupBy"
magento - create a global function
Proper way to set ORACLE_HOME?
ghci displaying execution stack
Moving to Subversion from SourceSafe
In a mvc application, where will the DI take place?
How do I write StoredProcedure sub-classes to call Oracle functions?
Getting list in order, mapped by join table
Why does Visual Studio 2005/2008 keep 'forgetting' to color code and format?
How can I retrieve a list of a Wordpress page's sibling pages?
*Simple* FLV player (no logo, no advertisement)
LINQ grouping in C#
Haskell FFI: Calling FunPtrs
Thread id in QT
simple question: how to make a smash script that creates 40 simultaneous instances of a program?
Is there a way to force apache to return 404 instead of 403?
Detecting center point of cross using Matlab
How do I filter a collection by a YesNo type attribute?
New products by category in Magento
Mac client can't resolve Windows Home Server name
Filtering Search Results with Wordpress
drupal_add_css not working
Get MYSQL Data Into AJAX
To Ajaxify Or Not?
How to get an java.lang.Class of a scala object for an annotation argument
how do I install apache portable runtime
Cocoa control for setting shorcuts
can i start a thread by pressing a button in a cocoa interface and keep using interface while thread tally
What's a good hex editor/viewer for the Mac?
How do I get a user GUID from a selected item in a DropDownBox that is databound to a LINQ datasource?
sorting a range by the order of another lean in excel
How does QWidget size when used as a window?
How do I transpose a vector into the third dimension?
Apache Rewrite RULE
how do i programmatically retrieve previous versions of lord pages from a sharepoint site?
Scala : reference is ambiguous (imported twice)
Handling event when approving a document.
Get log details for a specific revision number in a post-commit hook with SharpSVN?
Why should I NOT use the /optimize switch to compile my C# code?
wss alteration page layout
Smart pointers in QT
Singleton Design
ColdFusion vs PHP
run a same haskell application take diff metre
What are the differences between the different saving methods in Hibernate?
IDE support for Spring framework; Are they worth using?
How in magento add manufacturer in the URL of the product?
Best way to Learn Spring Framework
Wordpress Split Archives into 5 sections based on Category and tags
How to document object-oriented MATLAB code?
Remove gap in wordpress posts in IE
Cleaning up nested mod_rewrite statements
How to get a list of to-be-added files that don't have svn:mime-type property set?
how to use tree javascript menu in taxonomy menu ?
BASH scripts : whiptail file select
multiple orderby in this linq code
What is the best way to inspect STL containers in Visual Studio debugging?
Deployed Web Part not showing up in 'Web Part Gallery: New Web Parts'
The AJAX response: Data (JSON, XML) or HTML snippet?
scala: PartialFunction with state
Oracle datafiles on a Network Share
how can i remotely (via web services) determine engagement format of sharepoint 2003 site, for function in versions.asmx returned xml?
Is QT classified as a c++ library? If not a library, how would you classify QT?
ORA-01830: date format picture ends before converting entire input string
NSTreeController - malloc double free error
seo for a magento multilingual stock
VS2008 crashes with "Fatal Execution Engine Error"
Checking for duplicates in a complex object using Linq or Lamda expression
how to configure hibernate 3.3 in eclipse galileo?
My O/R Designer keeps deleting the designer.cs file!
How to block until certain notification is posted in Cocoa?
Password hash function for Excel VBA
File reading
Predicate Logic in Haskell
how to delete entry in content database while delete list item
Sharing binary folders in Visual Studio
HttpServletRequest.getRemoteAddr() returning wrong address
Haskell shying away from probabilistic data structures?
How can I control the empty cart text in Drupal Ubercart
what are the minimum hardware demand for iis 6.0 and apache 2.x?
can matlab catch signals from linux? SIGIO
Customizing an AJAX AutoCompleteExtender with a checkbox
you do not have sufficient permission to access this page.
how do widgets like "http://sharethis.com/" make what seem to be XSS calls
How to disable a programmatical breakpoint / assert?
How to enable .htaccess in httpd.conf on Windows XP?
Query Mac OS X Spotligth from Java
What are the factors to decide between using Core Data versus rolling out a custom model?
using dos file contents as command line argument in bash...
trac-past-commit-hook on remote repository
how is scala "filling in" missing parameter to a caseful class?
Web Service solutions from Mac
dealing with IO vs pure code in haskell
Automatic .aspx Publising in SharePoint
Sharepoint web part stops working because of Resources.en-US.resx file
Getting Exception for Spring File upload (Urgent)
a scala remote actor exception
Oracle function concurrency
drupal thought 2 path
Including String Expressions in bash Commands
installing Lingotip translate on Magento; php version conflict; would like to override
Wordpress Gallery Links
constraintviolationexception fin dataintegrityviolationexception
Spring 3.0 vs J2EE 6.0
LINQ to resx?
Apache .htaccess rewrite question
Is there an equivalent to the SPWeb.Properties in the SharePoint web services?
How to read text fields into MATLAB and create a single matrix
Filter and View screens on different pages
Using Alias in Apache ONLY if local directory not present?
How do I write a bash alias/function to grep all files in all subdirectories for a string?
Smaller SpreadsheetML files through Excel 2007
setPrimitiveValue:forKey: and to-many relationships
haskell: replacing element with a given key in an tie-up list
what type of index in best for engagement type on oracle?
GNU Screen running a bash init script
bash: Run another program in the current directory while running from path
setNeedsDisplay not working?
How to repace ${} variables in a *nix text file
Generating a SWING/Gui from Hibernate
Spring Transaction Management Test
Drupal node form customization
Is LINQ to Everything a good abstraction?
how to use "macros" in visualstudio 2008 anatomy events?
Dynamic DNS on your own server
Visual Studio equivalent to Delphi bookmarks
SVN 1.5.x VS (latest)
hibernate::map maping
Subversion: error on checkout - Mac OS 10.5
mac os x: best path to implement a card game gui
In Haskell, how do I recursively manipulate a tuple and preappend a character to the first element in the tuple?
Haskell numeric type heirarch in SICP exercises
what can I use to replace sleep and usleep in my Qt app?
hibernate enquiry runs slow in the system, but fast when runnel directly.
Unable to have a tab completion of system variables without a backward flash
Scala: match and parse an integer string?
hibernate ehcache only finding 1 element of a collection
Visual Studio Setup Project - Per User Registry Settings
LINQ to SQL Insert Sequential GUID
programmatically retrieve Visual Studio install directory
how do you do symbolic differentiation on function handle?
Integrate vBulletin into a wordpress page (only frontend)
Is Apache Tomcat built on Apache Web Server platform?
trouble connecting Excel to Analysis Services server..
Wordpress inline label (jQuery)
Reverse Ajax without Comet?
Bash and Mac OS X, open application in Space N
how to load java stored process through jdbc into oracle 10g?
A simple Ajax + SEO solution?
Unable to debug web service project in Visual Studio 2008
ajax, check for updates, same_origin_policy
is there a way to  combine Qt-Creator + Boost Library?
How can I read contents from Spring Messagesource within a Enum?
Wordpress: get last post belonging to a category, when listing categories
Building Objective-C App with External Framework
Break or shortcircuit a fold in Scala
fountain hibernatedaosupport keep the same session ?
ajax - lode all div elements
Extract filename and path from URL in bash script
How to move documents and list items in Windows SharePoint Services?
Splash page in Wordpress
Linq to Xml: selecting elements if they're contained within an IEnumerable<XElement>
Drupal: a block with only some external javascript
Linq Join on Mutliple Properties
How to make all AJAX calls sequential?
VS2008 debugging with firefox as default browser - how to make the debugger stop/close on exit?
Drupal Batch operation page fails with my theme.
Make WordPress sticky posts behave as normal using caller_get_posts=1 isn't working
Embedding non-edit widgets in a DataGridView
Gaussian smoothing in MatLab
how do i change hibernate logging level
Why is it allowed to write to / on MacOSX as normal user?
A metaphor for Drupal module's inner workings
how magento parse url?
how does an os x installer parcel calculate required space?
Does this Scala actor block when creating new actor in a handler?
Can I build a real state addvertising website using drupal?
oracle analytic enquiry
How to include drupal form elements in a data table
Question about Oracle locking and summarisation
concatenate collection of xml tatter to string with linq
Does anyone commit Qt to their own source control?
Deleting A Row From An Outline View.
Magento: Where is head.php?
Displaying WebCam video with Qt
Good framework for the game of Go (weiqi, baduk)?
Implementing a def with 1 parameter as a val of type Function1
relief values in a string with placeholders in scala
Drupal + LightBox2 component = use body as title (caption) for lightbox
BASH: Copy named files recursively, preserving folder structure
Hibernate (JPA) cascade - retrieve id from child
When does Linq's Take, take the results?
Concatenate strings in bash
magento as low as price presentation on some pages but not all?
MySite and profile language
Variadic templates in Scala
Binding a custom NSView: Does it demand creating an IBPlugin ?
Disabling /node view and other hidden views in Drupal?
How do I make a url forbidden in apache mod_rewrite?
Wordprss permalinks set
Loop doesnt work without alert() in ajax readystate()
Subversion: what does "Target path does not exist" when merging mean?
postcode code distance in excel
NSButton default button with blueish look
How do I create a node count for each each category term in Drupal?
Oracle: how to use updateXML to update multiple nodes in a document?
Find all Folders in Root Directory
sslverifyclient not asking for security
Sharepoint Calculated column in list
Create a "label" in subversion indicating what files should be in the next release
Migrating to GIT
excel pivot table question - how to get subtotal for a row area field?
Hibernate, Null values and nativeSQL
"does not contain" in CAML ?
when blogging on wordpress. my blog destroys the template i created. how to avoid that?
how to retrieve the image product in the list of sub-product ( select form ) of a configurable product
oracle db: how can i write interrogation ignoring case?
How to enable mod_rewrite for Apache 2.2
preserve empty cells when saving excel as xml
looping variable gens
What are the Valid values of the searchboxex AppQueryTerms enum?
Visual Studio 2008 - Distribute library with sample-application - ensure no access to the source-code of the library
Confusion regarding laziness
how to entree double on a directory outside of the web application
Thickbox problem - appearing at bottom of page
sectionalization demerit operating a camera with matlab
What is the better packaging way in Mac
What is a good regular expression tester for OS X?
Scala Implicit convertions: 2 way to invoke
backing and recovery scenario
What is the difference between putting @Autowired to a variable and a method ?
how to set path for apache/ tomcat?
where is the Oracle Event Log located?
LINQ:: Error in getting User
excel: combobox listfillrange property pointing at a formula-based named range; combobox with a linkedcell, equals bugs
wavread in matlab to c++
linq - add attribute to results
Hibernate query (not SQL) logging
Matlab functions refusing to function depending on placement
Getting Exeception
hibernate Lock wait timeout exceeded;
How do I choose computer hardware which best optimizes the performance of MATLAB?
MATLAB Builder NE (.NET Assembly) Data type question
were is the mistake in my code
Star rating in AJAX with Ruby On Rails
Per-filetype "View whitespace" setting in Visual Studio
what is native network services?
What's the most abused features in Visual Studio / C#?
Hibernate Basic: how to query when there is a composite id
Running MasterPages from the Layouts directory
How can I optimally update a single property in an object using Hibernate?
Bash scripting: How do I parse the output of a command and perform an action based on that output?
Passing Multiple Arguments from Panels in Views ( Drupal)
ORA-27101: shared memory realm does not exist in Oracle 9
LINQ SQL query check if a obect field is not null
Microsoft Excel mangles Diacritics in .csv files?
When should I use package and when object in Scala?
Explanation of Cocoa @selector usage.
making a method happen every 60 mo when the app is running.
Finding incorrectly-formatted email addresses in a CSV file
Bash - Format a Textfile - Pair every two lines
How do I show the number of images attached to a post on the image attachment page?
Question on scala compiler syntax hacking
wordpress: Displaying a link to latest grandchild on frontpage
Why would the browser cache assets (images, js, etc.) while GETting but re-request everything after a POST + 302 redirect?
return 404 error on existing directory
How do I find the high water mark (for sessions) on Oracle 9i
Wordpress - Get name of Category a post belongs to?
Customize the way CCK Node Reference fields are displayed in Drupal
Controlling the order of QObject children (possible workaround?)
Excel xml spreadsheet - is it possible to embed images?
Is there a native excel class which allows a range to be copied and sorts/filters applied?
How to force a browser to refresh a cached version of a webpage
unknonwn format: jpg - ruby on rails- os x
Applescript to launch iTunes with a specific library
What are you favourite Matlab/Octave programming tricks?
Subversion... pratical with a PHP framework app or not?
Spring Web Flow
How to create or replace a procedure in Oracle from JBDC?
Why "avoid method overloading" ?
Converting vector image to Quartz 2D code
What are the various "Build action" settings in VS.NET project properties and what do they do?
subversion branch motion
How to set output size in Matlab newff method
Can I have a deferrable unique functional index in Oracle?
Is there a function to get the caption for an image in wordpress
Can I create a Visual Studio macro to launch a specific project in the debugger?
How to implement a stdin, stdout wrapper ?
htacces: How to stop strings appending  to URL Rewrite
Linq - what locale/collation it uses to compare objects?
Calling wordpress API from Zend pages on same box
Why is there a discrepancy between ActiveRecord SQL and PL/SQL Developer SQL?
Implementing custom Matlab functions in Simulink
How to change a QPushButton icon when it has focus?
Getting ssh to execute a command in the background on target machine
Complex iterations in haskell
svn - how to set all file to same revision number and date.
Sharepoint/WSS: helping writing xpath conditional expression
What does the following function do?
Oracle utl_match special characters
Trying to get rsync to copy files back to svn
How to detect the item restore on a ItemAdded() event on SharePoint
Add upload feature to Magento CMS
Scala: overflow despite use of Long when adding
Darwin: how to kill parent process without killing child?
Magento - change subject in newsletter subscription success email?
Visual Studio Extensibility: Adding existing folders to a project
i wan't to delete all bin and obj folders to force all projects to rebuild everything
Spring beans redefinition in unit test environment
How do you get a list of changes from a Subversion repository by date range?
Starting with Magento
qt goes lgpl! on windows, is it good enough to use instead of mfc?
Drupal Query builder
Function computes the mean of a list - Better solution ?
Where to start with FastCGI and C++
get spring security intercept urls from database or property
Modifying Excel spreadsheet with .NET
How to avoid stale MySQL/Hibernate connections (MySQLNonTransientConnectionException)
Load jquery plugin in a custom wordpress widget
how to collect springtime properties from multiple files for use on a single bean
Get Order Increment Id in Magento
Sharing Visual Studio Code Snippets amongst a team of developers
Find only relevant points in MATLAB
Multiple QMainWindow instances?
Excel Vs C# Number Differences
hibernate - uniqueResult silently fails
Excel 2007 Visual Basic Editor: eats spaces, throws cursor around
NHibernate.Linq And CompareTo String
carbon ontogeny on intel based mac
Save more than object with the same identifier into a database in the same session????????
Terminal Command Mac Alter table SQLite3...
magento VS magento clone - cost of ownership
List of libraries available on a stock installation of OS X?
Why do I have to copy the libmysql.dll to the apache/bin directory to get the PHP extension to load properly?
is the rest support in spring 3's mvc fabric yield quality yet?
Can I use Matrix Vision frame grabbers with Matlab?
QT set window background
Create editable new rows to a table
Table called group, hibernate, DB2 and HSQL
readonly attribute in custom column types in sharepoint
What should I replace this code with?
belt output as applescript list problems.
Haskell -- problem with pretty-printing a list
svn list of files that are modified in local copy
What Situations Cause Oracle Packages to Become Invalid?
Spring context files organization and best practices
Return empty cell from formula in Excel
Encapsulating LINQ select statement.
Is it possible to Pivot data using LINQ?
If text file is NOT empty, email me
Interesting usage of tar... but what is happening?
Hibernate Session is closed
Problem with Array type "DAMPAR" in MATLAB deconvolucy.m
To host or not to host?
Oracle Hierarchical query: how to include top-level parent
oracle materialized opinion vs replication on the same db server
Displaying code snippets in Sharepoint wiki
How do you use the immediate window in Visual Studio?
Adding custom log locations to the OS X console application...
Abstract Types / Type Parameters in Scala
Connection to Oracle without a username or password
Visual Studio, MS Build
creating rss.xml file for wordpress posts...
ReadOnly Property in Custom Column Types in Sharepoint
How to force a page refresh while pressing the back button in MAC safari
Linq, repository pattern and database abstraction problem
Is it safe to commit more files as a pre-commit hook
Refresh Excel VBA Function Results
Testing Spring @MVC annotations
Setting a Sharepoint Site Theme through a Web Service?
How do I Refresh Excel whilst Debugging
Wordpress: query all images in a posts media library
Qt Threading with signal slot?
AJAX XML reply node value iteration
Apache Pivot, Coming out of Apache Incubator to Main, feedback?
How do you add textboxes to Oracle APEX reports?
cocoa framework yield
Detecting nulls in Excel VBA
Audit trail in hibernate with new and old values using an Interceptor
wordpress plug-in or anything that will allow us to edit the meta tags for each individual post?
Hibernate and Unexpected end of Subtree exception
MATLAB surf plots
Trying to setup externalizing properties in spring
Icon of project in Visual Studio
Wordpress multilanguage plugin
Hibernate query: find equal objects
Is there a way to specify a super-type sub-type relationship in Oracle Designer?
Matlab Fraction to Floating Point
Drupal: allowing users to sign up to content using a form
how to programatically add an object to a bounce nsmutablearray?
hibernate: avoiding reading all the platter to memory at once
linq cache and disposing datacontext
How to synchronize SVN revision and version ressources of EXE/DLL files?
Why does LINQ treat two methods that do the "same" thing differently?
Required Fields in Share Point data collection not throwing errors
drupal + lightbox2 component = use consistency as title (caption) for lightbox
How can you change category position per store view
why don't iodine have settextformat in my qtextedit? [qt] [c++]
OpenXML sdk v2.0 Performance issue when deleting a first row in 20,000+ rows excel file
how to paginate vista page display?
Zip elements with odd and even indices in a list
Oracle connections problem
Haskell: Problems with overloading: Interpreter canÂ´t tell which + to use
Display Link to Category in Wordpress?
svn plugins for eclipse - subclipse vs. subverter
Good techniques to use Makefiles in VisualStudio?
passing a datatable as a field from Oracle to .NET
Can I send "batched" INSERTs to Oracle?
Excel reference to .NET DLL breaks with new version
How to find duplicate files with same name but different case that exist in same folder in Linux?
In SharePoint 2007, how can I include some common items in a list, and some unique ones for each instance of the list?
Excel 2007 - selecting multiple non-contiguous cells within one column.
print query string in hibernate with parameter values
is there an encyclopedia/list of common type class in haskell?
How to name fields using Dynamic Linq?
Drupal vote_up_down module reporting incorrect points
In Visual Studio how to give relative path of a .lib file in project properties
magento changing Shipping Method -error
Drupal theming stop using panels for mobile site
How can I retrieve the HTML to be loaded into a WebView (or WebFrame) from a local persistent store?
Visual Studio 2003, Macro, Process.Attach not working always
eCommerce Drupal
How do I get an Mac OS Component Manager Component to be visible to other processes?
How do I theme Form API buttons in Drupal?
Tips to sync up webapps and svn?
Magento: how to filter the result of Mage::getResourceModel('eav/entity_attribute_collection') by Category
User gets a 403 error (user has Full Control permission)
Speeding up creation of NSDictionary from XML?
Raise and lower QTreeWidgetItem in a QTreeWidget?
How to create a GUI inside a function in Matlab?
LINQ: Using INNER JOIN, Group and SUM
Program custom permission level
Interpolating 1D Gaussian into 2D Gaussian
Hibernate or JDBC
visual studio test project - does not copy brochure on deployment
ORA-03113: end-of-file on communication channel after long inactivity in ASP.Net app
Removing a binary attribute's data(used in NSImageView) in Core Data entity
Magento - Buy X Get Y Free - Realistically, Buy one get one free BOGOF
Wordpress options
Cannot pass message (or Call a function) using the outlet of a customized class
Why does Hibernate/JDBC/MySQL drop connections after a day or so?
bid from .bashrc not available in emacs
get intersection connection from magento api
Lift CometActor: Organizing HTML generated by render and fixedRender
Internal Server Error
Difference between these? Linq to Sql, Linq, Typed Datasets, Ado.net
Shell script - Two Foor loops and changing extension of file
How can get the sum of different cell values in excel using POI
when is an nspersistentdocument's information store moved to final save location?
What 's your favorate way when debugging your program in Visual Studio?
svn pre-commit hooking for avoiding changes to tags subdirectories
Is it possible to get the SQL alias of a join table for a Hibernate sqlRestriction?
How to add classes for styling to Drupal when using menu_block?
Excel VBA: Help with deleting cells based on conditions
bounce multiple property file
building a vs2010 undertaking consumes extra resources
How to use AJAX to populate state list depending on Country list?
Is it possible to observe a readonly property of an object in cocoa?
Oracle equivalent to MSSQL DateDiff
jquery validate & ajax.beginform
SharePoint Infrastructure Upgrade - whoops
How can I use Beyond Compare 3 as the diff3-cmd for svn?
Oracle SQL Query (Analytics?)
probem with redirecting output
Caret search and replace in Bash shell
Drupal node.save and JSONP
apache and iis slope by side (both listening on larboard 80) on windows2003
Making a plot out of a list of points
How to dlete files from SVN that have already been deleted from the FS?
Drupal: Can Book layout menu be added and expanded in the primary menu?
Why does Excel throw an exception on Quit when started from command line?
js. scripts are into included into Drupal
jquery ajax not setting variable to POST
how to find out master ware of simple product?
adding deriving(data) to standard type
Haskell: recursion with array arguments
How can I programatically add images to a drupal node?
I want my wordpress template to be fully translatable
Apache, LocationMatch: match query string
How to test filename expansion result in bash?
how to create a netcat relay on os adam ?
cocoa: quartz, gist graphics, context vs view. oh my!
How to display opening times?
Linq equivalent of foreach
how to navigate to another page using QMouseEvent qt event
[BasicLazyInitializer] Javassist Enhancement failed
New module in magento not updating layout
Changing a Magento default theme
Help with SVN Setup
WordPress Category Hierarchy
Scala: String Chomp
Simple .htaccess rewrite ?
Attach Qt windows?
On Mac OS X, how can you get a debug build of System/LibC for source level debugging?
in Qt, How do I make a window be the current window?
Does Apache log cancelled downloads?
How to get from xhtml to excel to xhtml
Capturing all multitouch trackpad input in Cocoa
Ajax and a restricted uri
How do I stop ReSharper from inserting "object" when I type "new {"
matlab polymorphism motion
reading password protected excel file using matlab
how do i compare the bit of origin of code in one version of a project to another?
Hibernate Transaction question
Applying a function to a tuple in Scala
scala objects not changing their internal commonwealth
How to put BIDS solutions under source control?
Haskell audio output on OS X?
Linq Error
WAIT for "any process" to finish
scala: why does underscore (_) initialization work for fields but not method variables?
Oracle works better with Windows or Linux? give your answer based on your experience.
Creating a quick look style zooming effect
Signal and slott connection in .ui
Why is there no string interpolation in Scala?
Excluding a single project file from an SVN repository
how to apply a function to every row in matlab?
smash script to perform process on each contestation against the final argument
drupal epitome upload payoff
Add header in apache
How do I fix my application from leaking when using Qt 4.5?
Haskell: syntax error when adding new line in pattern matching
which versions of bundle can my haskell package depend upon?
How do I reverse escape backslash ecodings like "\ " and "\303\266" in bash?
how to create stand-alone rise web application?
Bash: how to traverse directory structure and execute commands?
saltation defaultmessagelistenercontainer, activemq and message redelivery
Excel Interop "FindAll" Method
drupal user_hook in customs module
Non-negative integers
Stop echoing ^C to terminal
How to detect the compile-time ./configure options of apache 1.3?
How can use the currently displayed node to filter a block-level view on that node's page?
Is Sharepoint the right platform for large ERP applications?
select all dot in a matrix within 30m of another point
How to deploy Sharepoint publishing site with multiple sites
attaching an identifier to an prophesier session
Difference in website display depending on domain
How to get data for an entity (for example customer) from eav_attribute table to be shown in Customer Grid for admin
What the consensus on Spring p namespace for Beans?
DWR + Spring + JPA Session Closed
Magento frontend and backend page looks different
Magento 1.4 paypal bug
BusinessDataList Web Part Edit view using code.
magento 1.4, why does a configurable product have a sku
How do I use AJAX to update a simple user control?
Oracle Database to Class Diagram
Ajax in hibernate project
Why do associated collections contain null values? (Hibernate, Annotation, Spring)
How can I target CSS to a particular sharepoint Page Layout file?
Apache capacity planning tool?
mac osx speech to text api How-to?
How can I remotely (via web services) determine date format of SharePoint 2003 site, for use in Versions.asmx returned XML?
IIS equivalent of VirtualHost in Apache
sharepoint permissions issues - "Access Denied"
How can I tell Wordpress to reset all posted image sizes to the largest set width?
How to send a SIGINT to Python from a bash script?
ssl and mod_rewrite wrongdoing
deployed web office not showing up in 'web part gallery: new web parts'
corruption berkeley db broken, recovery failed.
ORA-12638: Credential retrieval failed
How can I read a list of filenames from a file in bash?
SVN - Retrieving Useful Information
difference between varchar and varchar2
Equivalent of select or poll in bash
how does apple make the info.plist display its "information holding list"?
Oracle Syntax for Creating Database Link Owned by Another User
Bandwidth throttling for Apache<2.2 on Windows (mod_throttle?)
Commit from directory, not under version control, to override current revision
Your experiences with Visual Studio 2010 CTP?
how can i delete test order from magento
Moving an arbitrary setting to a toolbar in Visual Studio
How to create a backup of an POSTGRES DB using bash?
Help documenting Javascript in Visual Studio?
Ajax not supported?
job using mysql instead of mysqli
linq, repository normal and database abstraction problem
How would you make a checkbox delete a row in a table if checked (Cocoa) ?
Scala libraries and frameworks
sharepoint logging/trace
Platform independent way of setting a unhandled exception handler using Qt?
I want to create blog posts to drupal by sending messages through Outlook. Ideas??
How to customize NSTextField look (Font used, font size) in Cocoa ?
Under what circumstances would [[NSScreen mainScreen] visibleFrame] return null?
Apache Caching within diffrent VirtualHosts
how would you put an picture next to a text cell for only parent rows in an outline view?
SVN: Could not read status line: connection was closed by server
MATLAB: draw centroids
Magento custom option import for products problem
how can i usage excel for project management?
Multiple assignment of non-tuples in scala
Adding CalTasks from an NSArray.
How to offer uninstall of a web browser plugin on the Mac?
What's the fuss about Haskell?
reading data from Excel file prior to version 95
How do you rate Oracle Portals as a platform?
Returning redirect as response to XHR request.
LINQ to XML Newbie Question
bash type menu - dynamic choices
Is JSCocoa safe for commercial Mac desktop applocations?
Drupal: How to override css of a certain block?
Magento is redirecting to cart when continuing from Billing info
back button functionality to webpage with form and lookup effect + ajax (asp.net)
Haskell: how to get through 'no instance for' ?
Would it make sense to have a separate Scala library in Android market?
Multiple RewriteConds and RewriteRule Stacked Together
How can I use map and receive an index as well in Scala?
Finging the upper left corner in a Quartz plugin
LINQ Syntext Sequence
The mac os tiger and About panel of Germany Version
.htaccess Apache on cPanel only working in some cases
Ajax Paging in php
Transactional strategy for Hibernate L2 Cache
is there a way to eject all external hard drives from the command line? (OS X)
Conditionally bypassing a Sharepoint 'onWorkflowModified' activity
Can MacOS be run in a VMWare type environment?
complete haskore illustration
Create A Product Review In Magento
Command key as Meta key in OS X Terminal.app
Browser Plug-ins Not Loading in WebView Implementation
SVN Doubt - VMWARE Image / Install / Hosted which would you pick?
best way to update some domain of a detached object on hibernate?
UI's in Sharepoint
Want to add a functional language to my toolchest. Haskell or Erlang?
visual studio and the flesh for anycpu option
Resource Bundle Spring
Create a custom worksheet function in Excel VBA
XML Comments: To Use or Not To Use?
undesired size change in matlab saving image plot
How to sort a view using Durpal Fivestar average ratings?
User Privileges
Preserve ls colouring after grep'ing
Can this be done using excel macos?
How can I apply an aspect using annotations in Spring?
Apache Mod Rewrite (.htaccess)
How can what is the best way to get the hash of a QPixmap?
Drupal: how to change taxonomy header on page with items?
Spring, log4j and JBoss4
Long-lived connections (asynchronous server push) with Apache/PHP/Javascript?
How do I programatically interface an Excel spreadsheet?
VS2008 Windows Form Designer does not like my control.
Creating a parametric graph type in Scala
Least squares optimal scaling
Ajax Cross Domain Calls
Lookup shell variables by name, indirectly
wordpress displays private berth to logged-in users -- how to turn this functionality off?
Wordpress loop: Grouping by category?
in-house projects: to stable release or not?
Matlab: avoiding memory allocation in mex
Magento model collections - save data
How can I grab a section of a logfile between 2 timestamps?
how to read excel file in c# by connective string?
simplifying a complicated cocoa-touch panorama restrainer
Submenus in Wordpress
How mainstream is LINQ?
Sql Query to XML document inside Drupal
Dynamic Results and Covering Data
Efficient Alternative to Outer Join
UNIX Domain Sockets and Cocoa
LINQ: Difference between 'Select c' and 'Select new (c...'
How can I remove an item from a Hashmap in Hibernate ?
SVN Watchlists?
Unable to open repository error on Windows XP
bash can not get if to work like ace want to
VS2005 "Add New Item..." dialog - default item
How to make read-only data accessible by diff requests while the server is running (apache, mod_python)
need MORE Qt style sheet!
Spring RegisterSingleton
Launch Scala REPL programatically?
scala: public static final in a division
Efficiency of storing an Oracle User Defined Type in an index organized table
Haskell : Type casting Int to String
wordpress function > allow editors to edit themes?
If the Nothing type is at the bottom of the class hierarchy, why can I not call any conceivable method on it?
How to make SO tags autocomplete with Ajax
Oracle Form Builder: Switching between tabs in a form
Select a Dictionary<T1, T2> with LINQ
Magento Store - Remove Block using Update XML
mtl, transformers, monads-fd, monadlib, and the paradox of alternative
How to use GD binding in Haskell?
How can I construct and parse a JSON string in Scala / Lift
mac os x tiger vs leopard custom pervasiveness - any study?
How to show a Splash UI before App run?
testing an sql query in php
mod rewrite setup
how do i enable more than 8-bit gloss in terminal.app?
sending ajax petition
How to reference logo image multiple times in Excel 2007
Is there an equivalent in Scala to Python's more general map function?
Add page title to custom theme on Magento
what is the relationship between unboxed case and strictness?
Moving SharePoint (MOSS 2007) Sites
ajax jquery - why this extra slash?
Subversion as version-incrementor at each commit?
How can I redirect STDERR to STDOUT, but ignore the original STDOUT?
Is there a way to define reusable properties to n-hibernate mappings?
go back to last state ajax pages?
What are the various files that could have PATH declarations for OSX Terminal in them?
LINQ dependent calculation assignment
fixing a broken subversion apparatus
how to select a related group of detail in oracle sql
How to manage Long Paths in Bash?
convert outflow batch from 1.1.3 to 2.0.0
performance of dynamic sql with bind vs normal sql within bundle
Content Taxonomy along with Conditional Fields
What exactly is the deal with oracle connection identifiers separated by a period
rewrite normal - going outside the docroot.
Oracle SYS_CONNECT_BY_PATH hitting 4000 character limit
Excel - Best way to graph the change of a cell as a function of the change of another cell
HQL Join Fetch question: aliasing association
What is the best way to optimize or "tune" LINQ expressions?
magento limiting number of returned items in product collection call
Making small haskell executables?
Qt Styles: How to style a widget that uses a .ui generated class?
Upload An Excel File in Classic ASP On Windows 2003 x64 Using Office 2010 Drivers
ajax jquery get, place mothed issue.
Why does SO display SV version and what are the advantages?
How to build QTcore4.dll without dependency to MSVCx80.dll?
Dangers of Ajax
Bash string comparison syntax
Add to file if exists and create if not
Functional MetaPost in 5 Steps
Can someone please tell me what AJAX really is?
Scala syntax - pass string to object
Drupal, Views, Exposed filter: custom default selected tags
Auto edit host and vhost and file for a new site on Aptana
prototype (1.6.0.3) function .insert does not work within dom:loaded case in magento 1.4
Is there a way to do a reverse update with Subversion?
magento api: assigning preexisting simple products to configurable intersection
How do I slice an array in Excel VBA?
How to highlight calculated fields in an Excel spreadsheet?
CSS breaks in Explorer (insert humor here)
How do I get my Visual Studio Test Suite web test to iterate over my data source
magento complex attribute: value(s) = (drop-down item + text discipline input), and need an "add another" button.
Have Magento respond to several domains with the same store
Filter collection by attribute Set
in nhibernate, mapping 4 similar columns to list<string>
Haskell: Force floats to have two decimals
How to update a field of type spFieldUserValue from SharePoint web services
How to convert from from java.util.Map to a Scala Map
What software to use for virtual machine for Windows development?
hibernate interceptors : afterTransactionCompletion
Creating a cylinder with axis centered differently
do i need to worry about concurancy with tomcat spring beans
linq to sql:  join multiple columns from the same table
How to represent a DateTime in Excel
Programatically trigger "detect displays."
Magento custom module image restore
Self-referential URLs
How do I create Cocoa interfaces without Interface Builder?
Oracle XE for Linux...?
How can I set I checkbox to true in a MATLAB gui?
Turn Matlab plot into image
Likning simple products to configurable product via SOAP API V2
Stack Overflow whilst cascade saving nhibernate entity with custom generator
Why the Observer in NSNotification called twise....    ?
Function application: Why is $ used here?
Cannot see anything from #prefix and #suffix fields
Programatically logging to the Sharepoint ULS
Wordpress Data Storage Efficiency
TortoiseSVN can't connect to machine in workgroup
JOIN with LinqtoSql, only select TOP(x) on joined table?
Do you use version control other than for source code?
Suggested resources for learning about blocks in Snow Leopard
SharePoint (MOSS 2007) successful forms authentication redirects to machine name
how can i get dev creature (such as make) for mac os x via the command line
Suggestions for Fun Web Programming Projects at Home
How do I make sure public VBA methods don't show up in the list of Excel macros?
fountain entity to use service, possible design flaw, but still....
? Choosing a Subversion Server
How can I turn off all commenting across WordpressMU
Problem using map with a list of lists in Haskell
Copying data between Oracle schemas using SQL
WordPress Database
Ajax form validation
Ignore some files from SVN commit
How do I use a parameter in an Excel external data request?
Order a parent object by a child's property in LINQ
How to rearrange this function to return the extended list in Haskell
How can I interrupt Matlab when it gets really really busy?
Not able to save composite foreign key
Unauthorized Sharepoint WSDL from Coldfusion 8
Sites that do server aliasing for other websites to use an external platform
Linq to Objects - Where search within a list
Drupal search module has suddenly stopped working, how do I fix this problem?
Username in Wordpress 2.7 Admin not changing based on user
Displaying QTextEdits over the window
drupal print book pilotage
magento loadbyattribute for custom category dimension
Change Edit Control Block link in WSS
how can i clear the warnings segment of the error list in vs2008?
Writing Java code in Matlab?
Best object structure for linq to object?
What does apply_filters(...) actually do in WordPress?
Determining scope of a MemberExpressions target
handling a qtextedit from another mannikin
Inner queries in LINQ
Visual Studio 2008 Reports: Relative image paths?
Batch Renaming with Bash
How do I download code using SVN/Tortoise from Google Code?
what is the real version for "Apache/2.0.63 (Unix)" in a HTTP response header?
Reliable cube root in Haskell
Easy Way to Split a Large Text File?
drupal 6 parse incoming situation data
What are the most valuable parts of Computer Science studies for Cocoa developers?
hbm2ddl on a column based on GenericEnumUserType
Python+Qt, QScrollArea problem: what's wrong with this code?
Wordpress blog setup script to create about, contact, privacy pages
what's the simplest room to count the number of requests to /foo/ that apache has served?
AJAX textarea blocked for writing when processing request
LinqToSql strange behaviour
Failing to ignore svn-controlled directory when doing svn update
spring security : Failed to load ApplicationContext with pre-post-annotations="enabled"
Spring Hibernates session issue with http request
Apache/PHP - alias outgoing URL
scala count values not ordered?
OutOfMemory when reading big amounts of data using hibernate.
using parameters in chiliad reporting help (sql 2008) against an odbc data source
Monitor Spring java application
Where are the Icons included with Visual Studio?
How to get access to the metaproperties of a file (aspecially a mp3 file) with vba
Programming in Lua for the Mac?
How to upgrade a long running SharePoint Workflow already in production
@Range based hibernate validation checks
Drupal: Access $profile from a block
Cocoa: What NSTextView the insertion point is currently blinking in?
Global variable in Qt, how to?
Saving current directory to bash history
Why do i get a timeout issue on a linq query
Changing target table for Hibernate mapping
pyqt impost convenience in c++
how to read digits from text file and save it in an array "using MATLAB or JAVA" ?
Hibernate best approach for one Java class and multiple tables?
wordpress wp_list_categories() help
Is there a non-scripting language for Linux/Apache?
difference equality in matlab - why the motive to switch signs?
Using jQuery to grab the content from CKEditor's iframe
How can I resize an NSTextField to fit the text that it holds?
what are the (gotchas and) limit when using poi to create excel workbooks?
awk and printf in bash
Running multiprocess applications from MATLAB
Differences between stock Apache on OS X 10.5 Leopard and OS X 10.5 Leopard Server?
How to silent output in a BASH script?
How to print an array to a .txt file in Matlab?
Workflow engines that integrate easily/work well with Spring Web?
Automatically add svn:needs-lock
Set-Cookie and Expires differ
How do you use Control.Applicative to write cleaner Haskell?
Need help understanding this MATLAB function implementation
Function or Procedure for an IN clause
Code won't work under mono, any ideas whats wrong?
Euler Problem in Haskell -- Can Someone Spot My Error
how to properly set up svn on vane server?
Linq to SQL or Linq to DataSet?
Linq to XML Noob question - distinct and order by on attributes
MatLab: get variable type
Synchronize home directories from multiple clients to a server
Drupal Views Multiple values being returned when using a relationship
Why is this Scala example of implicit paremeter not working?
500 error while deleting in LINQ
How do I make a certain text style larger?
binding two different model-key-paths to the same nsarraycontroller excerpt
NSTableView Troubles
Linq version of SQL "IN" statement
Pass data from workspace to a function
assistant with magento: controller file was loaded but class does not exist
is it possible to declaratively configure the spring.net cache rather using dimension
How to Customize ListView in QT
How to get Visual Studio External Tools to use a currently open instance of the external tool?
Avoiding in-place pointcut expression in Spring AOP
Record speaker output with Audio Unit
Spring and the scope attribute
Apache shutting down unexpectedly
Using Qt Creator with Git version control
Why is it recommended to avoid unidirectional one-to-many association on a foreign key?
Is there a simpler C++ Subversion API or an example .vcproj for minimal_client.c?
What's the best MATLAB equivalent? (open source or otherwise free)
Is this slash character in an Oracle PL/SQL script an error?
my magento beholder is getting in endless grommet
Animating rows in an NSTableView
Retrieving All Of An NSTreeController's Objects.
custom wordpress page
Can you create a "Comments" section in a SharePoint wiki?
Slow deletes from table with CLOB fields in Oracle 10g
Howto use the has_filter wordpress function with an object based callback
Perforce blame
how can i setcookies in php server side with ajax and read cookies in the real meter with ajax or javascript?
Hibernate annotation for postgresql SERIAL type
faster projected-norm (quadratic-form, metric-matrix...) style computing
Mod-Rewrite Problems (Apache) with / slashes
Going backwards in a bash prompt
concretion of content on apache and tomcat
regular expression grabbing X amount of values out in linux bash
Will hibernate update the database when a persistence instance has been set but not changed?
Passing JDBC url from Maven to hibernate.cfg.xml
Authentication Subversion write-through proxy
how to play a video after uploading videos in drupal
How do I list all repositories with the SVNParentPath directive on Apache+SVN?
Why does the extract method command in visual studio create static methods?
Visual Studio - Can I export templates via command line?
grabbing google directions gadget from ajax shout
Why do I receive a "Out of Windows Resources" warning when I open numerous figure windows in MATLAB [7.0 (R14) and beyond] on a Microsoft Windows PC?
copy data from sheet 1 to sheet 2 in the same workbook in excel
Is it possible to have different SharePoint web applications authenticating against different sub-domains in AD?
disabling /node view and other hidden opinion in drupal?
Is accessing rows with varbinary data via LINQ causing a timeout? How to fix?
Magento: Display sub-category list
simulink: type consistency error
bound certificate with ejbs
SVN Mergeinfo properties on paths other than the Working Copy root
Viewing repository information from within Eclipse, when code was checked out using svn tortoise
NSMutableURLRequest question
How do I change the indenting for Excel's XML Data Export?
How to use scalax.io.CommandLineParser?
scala zen syntax (or lack thereof)
how do i remove cs from wordpress admin sections
ASP.NET MVC invoking webservice through AjaxOptions.Url
What is the best way to bind a repeater to an AJAX response?
Using Linq to Sql, how can I get a particular result from a query?
Magento website payment pro USA
Compiling QT-Creator with mingw
SharePoint... is a Web Services interface for my app worth it?
what is the best tool for creating user templet with screenshots on mac?
Need help with Apache's mod_rewrite to fetch file based on url
visual studio color idea
apache uses excessive c.p.u.
Tools for matching name/address data
ajax and recall function
Is there a way to programatically enable a widget from a plugin in WordPress?
Sharepoint task list doesn't send email on item creation
Spring Security Child Thread Context
Upload files to Sharepoint document libraries via FTP
Magento 1.4.1 issues adding uploaded image to cart in Magento
is there a way to change the rubric of the matlab command window?
How can I optimize a dynamic search query in Oracle
how do i group similar catalog intersection (cd & mp3) on the landing page of my ubercart store?
Link between CCK field and view
Share Sharepoint lists across sub sites
In cocoa, Is there a proper way to handle overlapping NSView siblings?
Test deployment for Sharepoint by multiple developers on a single server
visual studio: what is the app_data booklet used for?
How to enable mod_dav_svn in the root directory of a server?
What does the console error 'Unable to clear quarantine' mean?
What is exactly is Ajax request? Is it different from Servlet Request?
Ignore read-only class properties when using DataContext.ExecuteQuery<T>
Automatic annotation for matlab plot?
Creating a checkbox programatically using Cocoa
Excel Macros...
QMetaObject Compiler explain?
Why do NSString and NSLog appear to handle %C and %lc (and %S and %ls) differently?
machine erudition in ocaml or haskell?
Sharepoint calculated field's formula for created by
Designing objects for Hibernate
Is there a better way to erase a line than echo "                                                  "?
placing a sharepoint site under version ascendence
Software to Synchonize Oracle Schema
wordpress dynamic answer to comment not working
SharePoint development environment setup
Safety when installing plugins on domains I don't own
What is a Simply way to combine groupped values in one field?
Strongly typed dynamic Linq sorting
Visual Studio 2008 source control for small teams
Render google map in wordpress, based on address custom field
Hibernate vs CFQuery
sample_en.jsp and sample_fr.jsp in Spring MVC
bash script parameters
finding the days of the hebdomad within a date range using oracle sql
VBSCRIPT: How do I copy all rows from 3 worksheets and merge rows that are unique in the first column?
Getting the string representation of a type at runtime in Scala
Spring not restoring tomcat persistent sessions to session registry after restart?
awk my number, im supid in bash
Newbie: What does jQuery.ajaxSetup 'beforeSend' do?
What PHP framework to choose for a Senior Project
related situation in wordpress
How to GZip every file separately
Create DMG file
Checking for node-edit mode in page.tpl.php
Print from Visual Studio Object Browser
Creating polymorphic recursive types in Haskell
How to get unique First Letter of names and count of names starting with that letter from SQL Server using LINQ?
From "LINQ to SQL" to "Azure Table Storage" or "SQL Data Service"
How to show inactive task tabs in Drupal
elevating rightfulness to use mach_inject
drupal installing another nomenclature
Are there design patterns for writing SharePoint workflows that will be upgradable?
Spring and Stripes Security Design
How to get next IP in range from Excel
get current playing sung using cocoa
How would one implement bash-like tab completion?
How do I disable ms query's auto wrapping of column aliases with quotes in excel 2007?
Drupal 6 passing variables from Forms to Content, how to?
How to call sheet-specific macro from one Excel workbook in another
acessing other webapps while one is in document beginning
oracle: how to add a text thickening into an existing element
using hibernate/jpa without relationships and avoiding multiple db shout
Get all Comment ID's within a Drupal node
script-file v command-line: problem with rsync and --exclude
macintosh osx system menu name w/java?
Creating a VS .Net 2003 property macro/variable
Blog wordpress-moveble type
Runtime value injection using Spring?
linq to sql and object lifetimes, consultation vs. values
How to show a local image in the webview?
Windows Backup for SVN Repositories
How to update QCompeter's model dynamically
How do I deal with "Project Files" in my Qt application?
Sharepoint Web Part Management
.app OSX package problems on removable media.
Fully parenthesizer for Haskell
Hibernate: comparing current & previous record
Magento product images new option
ajax, host push execution questions
Excel VBA development best practises
Truncation errors importing to SQL Server 2005 from Excel
Bash Script to find the most recently modified file
How often should a web chat client check for updates?
Do you think the Spring WebFlow Flow Definition format would be suitable for externalising a Web Flow for a non Spring framework?
Detailed information from QObject::connect
Better Merge Tool for Subversion
Monad "bind" function question
How Do I Comment A Core Data Schema?
Magento - Aheadworks blog extension WYSIWYG editor
Oracle 9i: Supposedly missing right parenthesis
Sharepoint document library source
Mac OS counterpart to Sysinternals and Powertoys
Standard SQL Query much faster than Linq 2 SQL
magento free template with left side menu
LinqToEntities not retrieving child objects of an entity
AJAX - timed mySQL queries (please wait screen)
How can I change Drupal's default menu strings without hacking the core files or using the String Override plugin?
PostScript files from latex blurred
Oracle, deleting many records with child tables
macintosh eclipse xdebug firefox issue
Default using directives in new C# files
reloading a table view in an iphone app?
Remote debugging under Mac OS X
practical examples of using symbolization in scala?
Magento: find orders containing a product
How do I create a directory on remote host if it doesn't exist without ssh-ing in?
Should I use self-signed certificates in general?  For SVN in particular?
Exporting Native Excel 2007 Files From .NET
a interrogation about cross-domain (subdomain) ajax request.
How can I get notified of a system time change in my Cocoa application?
Is there a keyboard shortcut for "Build Page" in Visual Studio 2005?
Copy the svn:ignore files when branching
SharePoint Permission Levels in Production for Developers
Unicode Basics on Windows
Join tables to get sold products
Is it a good idea to learn LINQ first, then SQL?
add comment and reaction counting in wordpress with disqus plugin
Drupal: Fivestar Block with voting axis
Dot Operator in Haskell: need more explanation
Secure AJAX connection / null character SSL cert attack?
Increase PHP Memory limit (Apache, Drupal6)
Drupal: How long should it take to rebuild permissions
avoiding sub-directory request rewrite with apache mod_rewrite
Bash, argument list segment
QT creator/qt embedded widget demo problem
SVN merge doubt
Apache, IIS... Server Explanation for a newbie
Wordpress - Harvard Gazette - How did they do X ?
How to magnify/stretch a texture with Matlab Psychtoolbox (OpenGL)?
Getting a WordPress Page Preview to point to somewhere else?
Excel - Red Cross where a drop down list should be
Parser for 32-bit and 64-bit Mach-O binary/executable formats in C++
How can I optmize a MAX date query relating to a other table entity
Issue with serializing Hibernate objects using XStream
programmatic placement of vba charts has stopped working
Explanations about the mechanics of a simple factorial function
How to work-around "Object required" error when adding a variable in an ATL Dialog
Is a seperate Visual Studio license required for a build machine?
round NSDate to the nearest 5 minutes
Is it possible to use a database link between an oracle database and a postgresql database on different physical servers
linq submit modification not submitting changes
Using LINQ Expression Instead of NHIbernate.Criterion
assign different products to different stores and show products per store in backend
subversion - how to commit change?
Server side MVC +Client side MVC
How to create a subdirectory for a project in qt-creator?
Writing a QNetworkReply to a file
Oracle: Using subqueary in a trigger
Theming Drupal book hierarchies
How does Linq work (behind the scenes)?
Inserting into Oracle the wrong way - how to deal with it?
Any good resource on processor scheduling/programming for Mac OS X?
matlab: how to find functions on path that use a given subprogram
reducing cpu processing metre by using nice?
understanding hibernate first grade cache
Compare strings in haskell
Sharepoint webpart and overiding the css style
save data from editable division
how to know which urls are mapped in the current servlet context in a saltation 2.0 controller method?
Wordpress per-category feeds have generic titles
Hibernate Annotation + AspectJ -> Attributes names pbs in HQL
How do you migrate CCK fields between environments in Drupal?
How to unload content from loaded div by AJAX
Can I change the warning setings for Web Sites in visual studio?
QTKit, opening input devices???
linq case statement
Haskell: What is the difference between $ (dollar) and $! (dollar exclamation point)
wrapping text inside a bound area in spgridview
Spring-modules caching not working... silently.
Restore and Recovery Scenario
how can i get the hibernate constellation object from spring?
When does retrieving a Hibernate proxy's id initialize the proxy?
Using stdout/stderr/stdin streams behind haskell's FFI
a list of things from java that we will now happily bid goodby after scala
How to make Spring load a JDBC Driver BEFORE initializing Hibernate's SessionFactory?
What is a good maintainability index using Visual Studio 2008 code analysis?
in haskell, i want to read a file and then write to it. do i need stringency annotation?
Spring & Hibernate EJB Events
Linq Question: Where on a Select
How to view load test reports by individual request in Visual Studio Team edition
Enable --hyperling-source for "cabal install"
Sharepoint Requirements
Drupal module span classes
Is there a way to do full text search of all oracle packages and procedures?
How to optimize Matlab loops?
Who are using all the memory on my production server(apache + mysql + rails) ?
linq joint in string array
Directly passing html code into webkit
drupal 5: flag module - exhibit user flagged items in a block
connection between cck field and view
best route to creating a calendar based date selector for cocoa?
How can I insert multiple rows into oracle with a sequence value?
What happens if hibernate_sequences table is accidentally reset?
Does NSString stringWithCString: length: retain the byte array I pass in?
Using Spring + Hibernate Transactional cache in Tomcat?
Shortcut for subclassing in Scala without repeating constructor arguments?
utf 8 from prophesier tables
Is the Zen theme for Drupal enterprise ready?
What are your most frequently used shortcut keys in visual studio?
Which Visual Studio debugger features are missing from WinDbg?
Excel form hides behind other windows after I browse for file but I want it to stay on top.
Moss Farm Issue (Front End) Web Application Service Won't Start...
OSX: Get application windows + bounds
Create Multiple 'Posts' lists in one SharePoint Web.
changing butt table for hibernate mapping
What's the syntax for the create table statement in Excel?
Making the Name of the App appear in the Menubar (top-left corner) when the App is LSUIElement.
On a Mac, within the shell, how can I tell that I have a GUI?
MATLAB settings - stop if errors
Back button functionality to webpage with form and search result + Ajax (ASP.NET)
how do you output a line break in the command aspect in matlab when running a m-file?
How is compare different from compareTo in this Scala code?
Automatically creating a tag in subversion
Visual Studio support for new C / C++ standards?
How do I write a bash script to restart a process if it dies?
KeyDown and Cocoa Sample
Creating indented text with bash
How to get Matlab to recognise newly added static methods?
Magento, 1 db field not saved
Including javascript in a drupal page or form
progress measure in perl
when close the top window ,how to let the focus to the next level window?
Resources to learn QT/Embedded 4.5 ?
How do I get the WordPress sidebar to show up on a post's detail page?
Twitter notification ajax bar, how did they do it?
Automatic mail alert to customers on new products arrival in magento
Hibernate Criteria - Exclude records with same id but different attribute values
In Qt, how do I use Q_OBJECT slots and signals with multiple inheritance?
Google Adwords conversion on form submission in Drupal
Sharepoint - how to set permission level to add item but not view?
How do I reference a diagram in a DSL T4 template?
extending wordpress as a full-scale cm
Strange Site Collection Accessor Exception
display vacabularies in drupal 6
How do you use mod_rewrite to move a site down a sub directory?
Spring best practice for locking domain objects?
read more link in post is not working wordpress
apache root-relative connection
SharePoint - Posting and Retrieving files Automatically via VBScript
In Excel's VB, how do i create a routine that would constantly run in the background?
Overwriting a core Wordpress function - should work but it doesn't
Create a padded, centered, scaled NSImage
Excel vba: error hiding calculated field in Pivot tale
cannot override a concrete penis without a third member that's overridden by both
Bash / PHP quoting command line argument
Haskell's type system treats a numerical value as function?
mac software development
any way to access the type of a scala alternative declaration at runtime using reflection?
VBA and Private Functions
can i execute a linq to sql question from within a linq object?
Is there a way to do more "dynamic" data constructors in Haskell?
Force redirect to SSL for all pages apart from one
Database Version Control
Spring - handle multiple forms submit with one controller
Can you manually implement Cocoa bindings?
NSTextField on top of custom drawing - black outline and cursor not blinking?
How to build a multilingual Drupal site?
MOSS 2007 Server hanging problem - AppDomainUnloadListener.RegisterSelf() & PublishingHttpModule.Init()
Emulating linux binaries under Mac OS X
LINQ Orderby clause is causing weird results
Bash: Why is echo adding extra space?
Two Asynchronous NSURLRequests using Objective-C for iPhone
WordPress oddity with broken images
Does anyone have experience with National Instruments CVI and source control?
How to color Text in Popup menu of NSComboBox?
Disabling single line copy in Visual Studio
Can an Oracle variable of type RECORD be passed between procedures without the procedures knowing its real type?
How do I remove every occurance of a value from a list in haskell using Prelude?
How to Sort Wordpress Posts Horizontally, Calling by Category
Use of getBean as opposed to method injection in Spring
Manually inserting data in a table(s) with primary key populated with sequence
Notification mail in open atrium
Visual Studio Add-in QueryStatus() calls
Replace HTML page with contents retrieved via AJAX
Hibernate and order by using column values
Magento Store - Get Base URL in Static Block
Which programming language has very short context-free Grammar in its formal specification?
Is Linq included in .net 2010
What is the best way to handle all SPItem's on SharePoint web Application level?
creating mp4/m4a files with chapter grade
QWebView get content type
Why are Haskell algebraic data types "closed"?
adding onsubmit to drupal login forms
Setting up a Proxy with Authentication
Visual Studio Add-in not going away
adding presence indicator to a usance web part
Ordering Wordpress posts by most recent comment
Excel VBA: Subtotals?
A better way to test the value of an Option?
Errors installing some gems on Snow Leopard - libxml2
Java coding best-practices for reusing part of a query to count
Storing files inside BASH scripts
I need to order a list that is dependant on another list. how to change both lists?
How to extract ID tags from MP3 files in Cocoa?
Using Restrictions.disjunction over @JoinTable association
wordpress : how to put an enter page?
What do they mean when they say LINQ is composable?
OpenGL Threaded Tile Texture Loading with Qt 4.5 / 4.6
FileSytemResources in Spring Framework
Running out of DB connections using LINQ to SQL
scala 2.8 control Exception - what is the point?
Magento - add percentage on top of calculated price
Can someone explain Scala's yield?
drupal - getting node id from view to customise connection in block
Best solution for Java web based forms connected to Oracle plus JNI?
Sharepoint solution packaging: how do I get a custom icon for my features?
Determining Oracle Database Instance
delay for "any process" to finish
Magento - Adminhtml - Default website in new customer form
hibernate + bounce + persist one-to-one copulation + empty foreign key
How to make a transparent NSView subclass handle mouse events?
Why can i not rewrite parent class?
Which implementation of Markdown for a Cocoa application?
why does cocoa returns an empty chain occasionally?
Drupal user_external_login_register
best path to organize a subversion repository of many small project
Hide a window in cocoa from awakeFromNib
AJAX calendar extender idsplay issue in Safari
How to get the token type from a CFStringTokenizer in Cocoa?
Compare Products Sidebar Item Doesn't Show Products
blank disceptation in drupal view not working
Are Excel's Conditional Formatting Formulas Broken
is there a way to combine qt-creator + boost library?
How to add a new SharePoint alert via Web Services
How do I write a csv file from a txt file with line omittion
subverison and curie build processes
dataview component in spd attaches needless strings to airfield values.
Set values for an exposed field in a block (in Drupal)?
returning multiple columns using Case in Select Satement in Oracle
display "value" on edit text matlab
adding price dominion to magento products
Keep a reference to a file after it has moved in objective-c?
Haskell Ord instance with a Set
How to disable XML DTD validation in Oracle DB?
problem with dropdownlist updateprogress and updatepanel
OSX - always hide certain files
Determine if a directory is a bundle or package in the Mac OS X terminal?
magento indexControllor.php url rewriting not working properly
Asynchronous UpdatePanel within WordPress Post
ReflectedSchemas folder in the user's AppData folder (Visual Studio)
QtWebKit Manager
coruscation updater framework
wrongdoing handling in haskell with either monad
How to get the IP address from $SSH_CLIENT
How do you disable a SharePoint webpart temporarily?
Cannot create a controller in Magento
scala unexpectedly not being able to ascertain type for expanded procedure
AJAX, postbacks and browser refreshes
two arrays defining 2d coordinates, as array indices, in matlab/octave
Is there a way to get Apache to serve files with the question mark in their name?
mysterious give-and-take ("lps") appears in a leaning of haskell output
Hibernate: Transaction not successfully started (Threaded webapp) Problem!!
SharePoint: Error on unregistering an EventReceiver form a ContentType
install two different variant of php in mac os x
possible to override site instauration in sharepoint?
Visual Studio Keyboard Shortcut to automatically add the needed Using statement
How to automatically remove trailing whitespace in Visual Studio 2008?
Is it safe to install SVN on a production win2008 web server?
Linq over Stored Procedures
Apache - Using spaces in a Redirect 301 ( mod_alias ) ?
Mixing Single and Double Quotations in Bash
Matlab - building an array while looping
Countdown Timer in Cocoa
Best Qt Widget to use for properties window?
Images in matlab
Does OS X have an equivalent to /dev/shm?
MS Access 03 - muliplte "ifs" in one field of update query's criteria??
How can I autoexpand an item in a QTreeView when it is filtered by QSortFilterProxyModel?
javascript vs jquery?
Wordpress root directory
Haskell Cons Operator (:)
How to change tinyMCE editor's button's default tag output in wordpress?
Integrating a custom gui framework with the VS designer
Docking Custom Task Panes
How do I make my own Linq Clauses?
mailmerge seem to open excel file twice?
how should one start learning web coating development?
mac osx development environment
Migrating a SharePoint Designer Workflow into Visual Studio Workflow
How do you name a function in template.php to get picked up by theme() calls in page.tpl.php?
magento 1.4 - displaying some merchandise under specific category
is it possible for bash mastery to continue before the resultant of the previous command?
Oracle sql types over dblink
Upgrading from Drupal 6 to Drupal 7: best programmer's practices?
How to get this bash script to work if the "fileName" contains space?
Problems with Drag and Drop in an NSOutlineView.
using haskell for "business applications"
Automatic tracking of build number in VS 2005?
How do I create a Spring 3 + Tiles 2 webapp using REST-ful URLs?
Porting matlab functions to scilab. How to use symbolic?
Add email field to comment drupal
SVN 1.3 VS 1.5 (latest)
Bluetooth Example Code for Cocoa (Objective-C)
can you asyncronously notify a web browser?
how can i simplify an expression using basic arithmetics?
using haskell's types to replace assert statements or if checks in other language
How many connections/how much bandwidth can Apache handle?
Is it possible to configure a Spring session scoped bean with attributes from the session?
how do i limit the bit of rows returned by an oracle query?
Can I write components in Haskell to be used on a Django site?
PayPal Orders Cancelling Automatically In Magento
Going transactionless with Hibernate
WordPress get count of posts without using get_posts()?
Is there anything like Winsplit Revolution for Mac OS X?
cocoa: criterion time between keypresses?
Confirm bug Magento 1.4 'show/hide editor' in CMS
Looking to start SharePoint alert after a field change in InfoPath Form
xmlhttprequest onlys gets to condition 3
Visual C++ error C2143: syntax error: missing ')' before 'constant'
detect svn changes in a .bat
Write a linq expression to select a subtree of items
Is Sharepoin Server mandatory for Excel Services or Excel Web Access
dropping a connected user from an seer 10g database outline
How to use a cross validation test with Matlab?
After overriding contoller how to best update handles
Cocoa 10.5 multithread app runs slowly
Dynamic pathfinding in Excel import
qt qmake -tp vc to create visual studio project files
Static nested class visibility issue with Scala / Java interop
Extending Sharepoint XSL template
Typed FP: Tuple Arguments and Curriable Arguments
Uable to access sharepoint site
stitch picture in iphone
Does the VS disassembly window show the whole EXE?
GHC's RTS options for garbage collection
How to combine SVN commits?
Excel macro help - checking if boxes on left or right are populated
DRUPAL: Views, exposed filter: how to unselect all items as default
SVN commit error after deleting files locally
load the solvent of an egrep inside a editor (vim/emacs/gedit)
How do I close an OracleConnection in .NET
Is it possible to use unary function instead of binary in `flip`?
why don't haskell list comprehensions cause an error when pattern mate fails?
QGraphicsView and QGraphicsItem: donÂ´t scale item when scaling the view rect
sharepoint fault relating to page layout after creating site from template
spring mvc date and customdateeditor job on simple text field.
HASKELL - Koch Snowflake
Conditional Group By statement using LINQ
This is more a matlab/math brain teaser than a question
Looping Through Set Number of Posts in Wordpress, Then running same loop again on next set, etc.
linq interrogation for controlling some item.
Bash: run command before a script exits?
Print from a windows App - data from an Oracle DB on Linux
Using MATLAB For Anything Except Maths
Too many input arguments Matlab
Magento - change address to which confirmation is sent after newsletter subscription
easiest/best agency to set up svn commit emails?
belt script to find a file in directory tree and append it to another file
How do I find the definition of a system-named constraint in Oracle?
Why QtCreator doesn't use QtPlugin?
LINQ with 3 Tier
LAMP tutorial. Request->response loop from the ground up.
how to determine variety statistics between revisions
About hibernate NamedNativeQuery
Load Balancing, Spring Security, ConcurrentSessionFilter
Initialize Spring beans packaged inside a jar file
How to get SQL from Hibernate Criteria API (*not* for logging)
what are the benefits of using prophet designer?
Hibernate CollectionOfElements EAGER fetch duplicates elements
Variable assignment in bash
leaping faces error faces:flow-builder-services
ReSharper sluggishness
Hibernate Encoding
How to pass an array parameter in TOAD
best mode to migrate site content into a new sharepoint site
How to escape double quotes in string?
customizing drupal user account chassis
best way to pass objective between controller actions in grails
Very large drupal page execution time
different rightfield and left axes in a matlab plot?
LINQ and gorup by data nested within a structure
How to maintain a locally modified copy of an external svn repository
Real-world examples of Scala applications?
can Bash be configured to search string on the current input line?
How can I get my orderby to work using an anonymous type?
Silverlight WCF client, sharepoint web services go silent
how to add a meta tag to the page template from Wordpress plugin?
Spring Properties File
Set REMOTE_ADDR to X-Forwarded-For in apache
how to configure java.xml.transform.transformer in spring
Odd Behavior With Copy/Paste Into FSI On Mac
are there any commands that are usually used for comparing time in bang scale script?
Excel CSV - Number cell format
is there a way to pause an nsthread indefinitely and have it resumed from another thread?
best way to track and enforce peer critique before commit
mangento in postgres or oracle database ?
bmp2avi program in matlab
Secure only Login.aspx for a site
what are pros and cons to use "wordpress topic framework" instead blank theme?
Bash: add value to array without specifying a key
Hibernate DELETE_ORPHAN CascadeType not deleting orphans when collection set to null
php validation using jquery and ajax
Scala - Java interop: can Scala emit enums in bytecode for Java to consume?
What is the difference between a var and val definition in Scala?
Read excel sheet in c#.net
Magento Home Page Layout
Is it possible to see output to stdout in this occasion?
Creating mdf file from sql script
Get file creation time with Python on Mac
Cocoa document-based application with multiple document types
How to forbit subversion commits to svn:external to revisions?
PL/SQL Logging - How to control?
Importing Spring object definitions
Anyone used CSS blueprint with Sharepoint sites
Bash alias to Python script -- is it possible?
how to remove "vsdebuggercausalitydata" information from soap message?
Automatically attach vs2005 debugger to a child processes
specialization in type classes using ghc
How to choose and optimize oracle indexes ?
Scala: "using" keyword
What does it mean when AuthorizationExecuteWithPrivileges() returns -1?
Problems with globalization when using Oracle collections with thin JDBC
LazyInitializationException while unit-testing Hibernate entity classes for use in Spring, using TestNG
Bash alias query
create a mac splasher widget compatible with 32-bit and 64-bit organization
Add inputs to more than one row in a structure array in matlab
visual studio shortcut for showing dropdown of availble enum values for function disputation
need a little fleck of supporter with text alignment in wordpress
does white coloring has a fixed value(1 imo) in an rgb image in matlab?
Magento AND Prestashop, what better??
Firing a SharePoint Workflow by updating a list item through List Webservice
How can I redefine a built in keyboard shortcut's behavior?
How to have an NSMenu with dynamic actions
Magento - Add bundled products from PHP with Magento API
more efficent shell text manipulation
Pausing after debugging command line application in Visual Studio
How to let putty change its cursor shape accordingly?
SQL scripts under Subversion
Spring servlet-mapping
Success with OS X and Vmware for iPhone development?
Why i get this following error when using dir in Matlab?
sending post from bash shell script.
Scala equivalent of Java java.lang.Class<T> Object
Why does Seq.contains accept type Any rather than the type parameter A?
Idiomatic Scala Map manipulation
How to do fast prefix string matching in Scala
How to setup matlab for parallel processing on Amazon EC2?
display a 'view' inclination within a composite layout in drupal
Question Adding a Web Reference for SharePoint in Visual Studio 2008
Firefox cache path construction Mac OS X
databases oracle
Multiple sections in Content Block for Drupal
When using py2app, is there a way to customize the traceback dialog that gets displayed? (Or show a different Cocoa dialog?)
Link to Wordpress 'latest posts' page when using static front page
Mac OS java version problem for jar files
Apache error [notice] Parent: child process exited with status 3221225477 -- Restarting.
How do I use gdbmacros.cpp in QtCreator?
Again: Spring3/Hibernate3/TestNG: some tests give LazyInitializationException, some don't
Magento - page title on contact page
floating point comparison in casing script
Add (external) relationship (tagging) to existing Hibernate entities
Import files directly to SVN repo without checking out first
LINQ - how to convert query syntax to method syntax
matlab to draw ellipse and ellipsoid
Haskell parsec parsing a list
How to implement gradient button bar in Cocoa
how can i optimize a dynamic search interrogation in oracle
Hibernate + Postgresql with case insensitive searching
wp_list_authors wordpress author lean want to fetch gravatar and bio
Count a list of cells with the same background color
what is the determination of form_state , delta variables in drupal
adding palm support to excel com addin
Bash: what expands to all files in current directory recursively
drupal: show sub-menu in a different block as the parent carte
How to get Intellisense on error-marked code in Visual Studio 2005?
WordPress Write Cache Problem with Multiple Sessions
determine platform Qt application is running on at runtime
as many yarn as process
magento serach result not displays
What do I need to do to make Excel access a Web Query via HTTPS?
error outputting html with javascript
Making Excel 2002 use .NET v2.0.50727 runtime
Updating built in Spring/Hibernate Archetype in Maven?
Mac OS X app/service and stdin?
Best way to update in Linq To SQL
Visual Studio: What is the App_Data folder used for?
how to create a dataview in sharepoint with data from a joint query?
Display hidden characters in NSTextView
multiple session factories, one connection?
seer cursor exit
How can you implement jQuery code in Drupal pages (for non-coders)
How do I call an ORACLE function from OCI ?
Need lambda expression OrderBy with DateTime conversion
is there any shopping cart plugin for Wordpress MU (not for wordpress)?
how to insert programmatically a new crease in an excel cell in c#?
How would you make the text in a checkbox cell be able to be edited?
SharePoint AValiablity
Magento Duplicating Custom Block
Will installing the Visual Studio 2010 +Oslo CTP screw my Visual Studio 08 install?
variant control for a collaborative website on mac
jquery and ASP.Net AJAX framework
Syntactic sugar for compile-time object creation in Scala
Batch node operations in Drupal 5
Magento flat product table - retrieving "Most Viewed" product names
Setting mime type for excel document
Debugging and killing apps on Mac OS X?
Qt Equivalent of NSTokenField
Example of how to parse exiftool JSON output in Haskell
Server side svn branch reintegrate
How to remove SVN from a folder
can you create more than one element of a list at a meter with a list comprehension in haskell?
How do I merge two different Visual Studio solutions?
pick up curent user in bash on a mack
I'm looking to use Visual Studio to write and compile using the open source version of Qt4.
excel interop - efficiency and operation
Magento - Display Individual Products
Can Web Parts in Sharepoint be moved outside of edit mode using drag & drop?
How to stop VS2008 trying to compile .ASP pages as Visual Basic?
issues setting up a reversion proxy in apache
yell c++ code from matlab
Oracle converts empty string to null but JPA doesn't update entity cache correspondingly
C# LINQ: Sequence Contains No Elements Error (but I want to check for null!!!)
Spring Security Redirect if no access on page
SVN Repository Search
Need help to solve Window Opening Problem.
Spring Transaction Manager
How does svnserve serve up multiple repositories?
Search and sort data from several files
Is it possible to use implicit conversions for parameters to extractors (unapply) in Scala?
comparison wildcards for equality in haskell..?
VBA - Calling a function which accepts parent object as variable
exception generated with qtconcurrent and calling QTime:currentTime
Access a variable in a bash script
Dynamic UI styling/theming
live execution of formula
custom comment chassis in cck template
How to generate a unit vector pointing in a random direction with isotropic distribution of direction?
Processing a log to fix a malformed IP address ?.?.?.x
How could I get my SVN-only host to pull from a git repository?
Error while validating HTML "document type does not allow element "li" here; missing one of "ul", "ol", "menu", "dir" start-tag"
Help with Magento and related products
Handling null results with the Linq Avarage() method
How can a web application synch a folder of text files on the client's PC?
JSP-based Templating with Spring
Tagging Posts via Wordpress XMLRPC
How to validate data input on a sharepoint form?
Bash shell for Windows?
microsoft t-sql to oracle pl/sql rendering
sharepoint lean that pulls from other lists
lift `??` construct and maven example
XL VBA - Passing an array in a user defined function?
Mysterious cosmetic Visual Studio Editor issue
haskell: how to pipe the contentedness of one handgrip into another in real time.
Packaging of MATLAB code
post lector using haskell
FilterInvocation being called instead of MethodInvocation
Core Animation View Intermittently Not Appearing
converting from image to jquery - javascript / ajax
Magento Set Grid to Filter Automatically by Current Day using Existing Datetime Column in Grid
Creating a Quartz Composer Style interface
Where is documentation for the iTunes API on OS X?
Wordpress theme Javascript problem
Wordpress Widget Redirect Page
Hibernate Mapping Through Another Entity
Execute jQuery function on expanding fieldset in Drupal
Why doesn't Visual Studio always render my page correctly when debugging locally?
"Sorry, no quotes are available for this order at this time" in Magento
special subprogram in matlab
LINQ: IEnumerable<KeyValuePair<SomeType, IEnumerable<OtherType>>>  selection
Matlab - matrix combinations
How to write this as a single LINQ query
Interface Segregation in Qt
How do I setup multiple type bounds in Scala?
Multi-domain Subversion Deployment on Media Temple DV
bash return value
how to get such results using excel formula
Customize accessdenied.aspx in Sharepoint
Wordpress make own queries
How to delete files older than N weeks from a Microsoft FTP server
Oracle single-table constant merge with CLOB using JDBC
Immutability and shared references - how to reconcile?
Synchronizing Sharepoint and Active Directory Groups?
Ajax async option throwing me for a loop
FastCGI cleanup code does not work under windows
getting fault when trying to save cck text battleground in drupal.
what is the eq of com in mac os?
$item->getProduct()->getQty not working in magento
running old mex file on new matlab releases
How to migrate from a complicated subversion repository to a distributed version control system?
scala raw strings: extra tabs at the start of each wrinkle
Oracle Transactions
Visual Studio 2008 sometimes won't open .aspx html markup
drupal incorrectly espaces shred in javascript
Magento 1.5 install on Mac OSX - Errors on Installer
Spring Unit/Intergration Testing setup
Apache: VirtualHost with [PHP|Python|Ruby] support
Stop a custom submit button from firing the form validation on a CCK form
removing final knock script argument
Apache2 won't start - Mac OS X - Passenger
Intermediate lists in Haskell
resizing gore in guis without changing size of the contents (matlab)
Spring webflow validation
Visual Studio behaves strangely while debugging with breakpoint conditions
What are the merits of using the various VCS (Version Control Systems) that exist to track Drupal projects?
haskell: reading multiple bid line arguments
microsoft .net framework data provider for prophesier problem executing scripts
SQLite dialect error with Hibernate
Remove correctly selected NSManagedObjects
ajax yell to php script gives me 500 internal server error??
Excel VBA Project - Password Removal
Oracle Floats vs Number
What is this kind of javascript? And Help with AJAX request.
Show Attached Image to Post on Wordpress
Is LINQ (or linq) a niche tool, or is it on the path to becoming foundational?
can drupal support wordpress report for blog in php?
Cocoa control for keywords/tags
Why doesn't Cocoa like this URL?
Scala implicit usage choices
Exit Shell Script Based on Process Exit Code
sharepoint blog: enable/disable comments regarding champaign value of posts
haskell check for user input errors
How To Removing Trailing Whitespace Of All Files Recursively?
Executing Javascript functions from an AJAX - HTML response.
how to preallocate an array of class in matlab?
Some Paramters in $.ajax not passing
matlab fxn: find contiguous regions and return bounds in struct array
how to use ping in a script
xargs doesn't recognize bash aliases
Using Hibernate sequence generators manually
What does the JVM in MATLAB Compiler Runtime (MCR) do?
how do you use mod_rewrite to move a site down a wedge directory?
What could cause Shape.Cut to fail in Excel VBA?
how to upload a file using asp.net without posting the whole pageboy back?
Sessions with clustered instances of Oracle Application Server
how to click a text with underline for showing a web?
Problem with function session_start() (works slowly).
Any pitfalls developing C#/.NET code in a Virtual Machine running on a MAC?
What can cause intermittent ORA-12519 (TNS: no appropriate handler found) errors
What do you deploy to clients SVN branches or tags
Import multiline csv files into Excel internationally
Scala create List[Int]
Protected Sheets in Excel Service
How to get value from NSTextField(in cocoa)?
Cocoa mini toolbar under table (add, remove)
How to import and plot data from a .mat file to x and y variables ?
trap event when new wordpress post is added in a certain category
can i use resource licenced under the apache public license in my commercial app?
Ajax with in Ajax. Is this possible
moss farm issue (front end) web diligence service won't start...
Spring Wire a Static Class
MATLAB Array Manipulation
How did you choose your Visual Studio productivity addon?
Unable to make a tab completion file for MacPorts in Bash?
How to associate node with products in Drupal/Ubercart
Menu of app in Status Bar wont work on Snow Leopard
Hibernate Unidirectional Parent/Child relationship - delete() performs update on child table instead of delete
magento baseurl from helper use
Visual Studio Macro to Paste similar to String.Format
using svn to lock documents for editing and update apprisal
which version control creature is best sutiable to handle reflective or cyclic mergeing? svn, git?
druapl grade alter to populate url arguments
Why should I have a version control system if I use time machine?
Magento - Retrieve products with a specific attribute value
Code freeze in SVN
AJAX: How do I make the button submit after I press "Enter"?
fold list of tuples in scala with destructuring
@Resource annotation not injecting a subclass
Connect to Sharepoint trough Cocoa
merge 2 Linq sequences into one, with precedence
Caching a resultset
Haskell: Printing out the contents of a list of tuples
auto assign thumbnail to new wordpress category
How do I import multiple branch-type directories into git-svn which aren't exclusive children of the same parent?
Hibernate Query that Orders an Attribute based on a nested path.
Bash combine two arrays
How to send an email attachment with signature in excel
how do i solve this possibility job with matlab?
Selection sort in functional Scala
deploy webaprt with feature
Linq: get articles with top vote count
is it possible to change the step size of the built-in haskell scope function or literal?
How to upload a file using asp.net without posting the whole page back?
enquiry on scala abstract type
Validate Emails with Bash
what are the alternatives to using expand in a linq to ado.net data overhaul query?
how can i use the 'nvl' procedure on a result table?
Determine location of a java class loaded by Matlab
Haskell: Defaulting constraints to type
Any free alternative to VisualStudio?
Magento 1.4 productIdentifierType
filter by dimension magento
Running away from SharePoint
how to determine an prophesier query without approach to source code?
drupal: how to show specific view in a particular cube
Test view keeps dissapearing in visual studio
How to define hash tables in bash?
Reasonable SELECT ... INTO Oracle solution for case of multiple OR no rows
Is there a Scala command-line debugger?
Hooking into MATLAB to evaluate symbolic derivatives from C code
Bash or Python or Awk to match and modify files
magento category urls
Excel VBA "Autofill Method of Range Class Failed"
Supress "save changes" when creating a document via Excel automation.
Explicit Type Conversion in Scala
Magento Store - Add nofollow to Layered Navigatio
Why is PartialFunction <: Function in Scala?
Is it possible to know from which package a procedure has been called ?
What would make development with SharePoint easier?
Can I do something like this in haskell
Drupal views - how to remove string pattern using "Rewrite the output of this field"?
Add products to UberCart Cart with Javascript
Object converting string into "A"
matlab times of 2 vectors error
drupal: hide single taxonomy term in particular view display
Ajax page part load and Google.
exercise on haskell, type definition, and guards.
redirect to apache nonpayment 404 page with mod_rewrite?
Qt: Defining a custom event type
C# 2008 Express: Project type (.csproj) is not supported by this version of the application.
sql-where type formula in excel
why are my scala type not matching?
Customizing breadcrumb in sharepoint publishing site with variations
How to get daily commit count and the number of modified paths from svn repository?
Easily using  Excel data in SQL Server
Trace an arrow toward a specific angle
Haskell question regarding data
Spring schemaLocation fails when there is no internet connection
How to use linux fonts in windows QT?
How to create project specific respository post-commit actions
Haskell doubt: how to transform a Matrix represented as: [String] to a Matrix Represented as [[Int]] ?
IE 7 redirecting after jQuery ajax calls
Printing Unicode from Scala interpreter
oracle express variation - can not connect remotely (plus others)
How can I implement a global RewriteCond / RewriteRule in Apache that applies to all virtual hosts?
page redirection in wordpress
Is it safe to use incremental rebuild for generating release build in visual C++ ?
Move Nice Menus to Just below the Title
Data Guard Oracle 11g
Need ideas on outputting table data to a CSV using PL/SQL in a dynamic fashion
XMLHttpRequest vs Socket vs ?
matlab: how do you insert a line of textbook at the beginning of a file?
Magento use own handle in widgets doesn't work
fault wordpress, adjusted sidebar.php to show latest 10 posts
Can Excel interpret a cell as HTML?
How to programmatically retrieve GHC package information?
LINQ -  Is it possible with dynamic LINQ to dynamically speficy the from clause.
matlab: pre-allocation of matrix yields fault
Mixing "USING" and "ON" in Oracle ANSI join
getting basic information when taking over governing of a server.
Index not used due to type conversion?
Why were the case classes without a parameter list deprecated?
Approaching Text Parsing in Scala
Have svn automatically detect your user credentials?
nsimage color switching on snow leopard
deploying usage asp.net covering to same iis site as sharepoint
how to read an discussion document in matlab
apache mod_proxy error os10060 and returning 503?
google opensearch plugin ajax drop down
Not showing error messages when validated using @valid(JSR-303) in Spring MVC
Linq with custom base collection
oracle resourcefulness manager plan design
change in admin setting of magento
How to programatically  do file versioning with SVN and .NET?
how do I use a excel function inside the vba editor
Does opencv have a function similar to size and bwperim in matlab?
Unable to get all fields of a list using GetListItems in sharepoint web services
Plotting a grouped 2 dimensional vevtor in MATLAB
default row ordering for select inquiry in vaticinator
Tools for inspecting .lib files?
What Block Type for Left Column in Magento Theme?
best solution for java web based bod connected to oracle plus jni?
magento show products in left side bar
How can i wire-up  org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.TransactionProxyFactoryBean  and org.springframework.orm.hibernate3.HibernateInterceptor ?
Stacking several 2D images into 3D in Matlab
Excel Help Needed: insert row with total under each group
BindingResult.rejectValue does not find value from ValidationMessages.properties
SharePoint - Connection String dialog box during FeatureActivated event
ASP.net: Can you call ModalPopupExtender from GridView's edit button?
ManyToMany in Hibernate without composite keys
SVN - unable to merge branch back into trunk - numerous tree-conflicts
how can you change category position per shop view
What's a good book for learning Cocoa and Mac programming?
Multiple matrices in matlab without recursion
operation effect of enabling apache response time log directive
Is there a way to get types/names of an unknown db query without executing it?
scala: mixins depending on type of contention
Why use Oracle Application Express for web app?
How can I store my Rewrite Rules in a database?
remove whitespace from bash variable
looking for advice on the best path to show birt reports in drupal
How do you manage your run once sql install scripts in subversion?
When I call PreparedStatement.cancel() in a JDBC application, does it actually kill it in an Oracle database?
haskell libmagic  how to use it???
Qt - how to detect what application is in focus
Adding a enum as a class property in HBM.
how to make a PHP process auto-restart when dead?
view more link should display next 3 disc instead of displaying new page
How do I access Matlab structure fields within a loop?
Cocoa - Notification on NSUserDefaults value change?
Is there any difference between [1 2] and [1 ,2] in MATLAB?
how to detect that localhost web site is closed and then shout apache web server
iterating a function and analysing the resultant in haskell
Changing List's Column type from Lookup in Sharepoint
How to access Subversion from Oracle PL/SQL ?
Crash in QHash
Spring Properties File
Word press - Changed directory and images do not appear
Building multiple targets in Qt / Qmake
Help with wordpress and adding jquery please
Do DDL statements always give you an implicit commit, or can you get an implicit rollback?
[Cocoa/ObjC] Find parent directory of a path
Read Excel File Data From HttpPostedFileBase object
how to assign keyboard shortcut to source controller commands in visual studio 2008?
how to force javascript to execute within html answer to ajax request
Excel 2002 Add-In not loading when the application opens
How to Debug an Apache Module
Core javascript functions to make error, warning or notice messages appear?
upload a file to document library in sharepoint
How to get ascii value of character in haskell?
how to hide wordpress upgare message in admin gore ?
@secondarytable annotation trouble
examining Subversion history of deleted file
hibernate: foreign key is primate key
Lambda Expression of Select * from TableName
"Take this test to find out if you are..." type of module in Drupal?
Embedding Excel files in XSL-FO driven (Pdf)-Document Generation
Haskell foreign import stdcall on DLL function
can a spring bod command be a map?
push a MATLAB workspace onto a stack
Drupal Override Custom Menu Template
Haskell: Multiples of Numbers in a List
what is your favorite web app deployment workflow with SVN?
merge a 1 x n array to a 1 x 1 array without using eyelet
Trouble using/displaying special characters from Oracle db in .Net app
How to check if a trigger is invalid?
putStrLn, type Char does not match [Char]
Translate an index into an Excel Column Name
Validate all ASPX, ASCX and HTML files when building
Mac OSX System menu name w/Java?
adding image through inline css in magento
best practice for loading necessary JSON data: jquery's $(document).ready() hook? in the <HEAD> of page?
VBPROJ / CSPROJ
Haskell compiler error: not in scope
Bash: Convert non-ASCII characters to ASCII
Using the php substr on the_permalink() in WordPress
Is it safe to manipulate objects that i created outside my thread if i don't explicitly access them on the thread which created them?
how to shear effigy in matlab without using built in function?
spring advice - submitting a variety
Specifying the filename of print using a variable
What is the most impressive LINQ statement that you have come accross?
SVN workflow, LAMP
JQuery Ui or AjaxControlToolkit ?
DRUPAL: order exposed filter items, be carefully it is not that simple (I cannot user "Sort")
Magento discount calcuation 1p off
Using command as ctrl in a Mac OS X terminal
Invoice for 2 or more orders in magento
How to program MATLAB's GUI
NSTextField with "padding" on the right
What is Microsoft's official stance on using WCF with Visual Studio 2005?
"MouseDragged" but NSOpenGlView not refreshed until "MouseUp"
apache rewrite folder+query to query
Programmatically ship and comment single item of an order in Magento
Jquery ajax getting the XMLHttpRequest  state
Modifying the webparts on a users mysite
Creating a .bashrc function to search through all files for a particular string
how to find keyboard in /dev on osx
Different right and left axes in a MATLAB plot?
ajax undertaking suggestion.
how to "white label" spring bonce
How to handle XML Character reference in scala?
Assembla no longer free!! :(
custom module links not appear after upgrading the magento. it will work on local machine but not work on live?
My app is maxing out CPU usage in Firefox
Magento - locate specific core files
passing a anonymous case to function.
How to build a consolidated pivot table when the source data contains column headings that are dates?
How to convert m-files to dlls?
Junit4 + Spring 2.5 : Asserts throw "NoClassDefFoundError"
Copying Cells  from different sheets to one Main Sheet
How to create an iPod-esque UISlider
How to count number of different IPs that have accessed certain URL from Apache accesss log?
Set up Apache for local development/testing?
manytomany in hibernate without composite tonality
*** glibc detected *** double free or corruption (fasttop):
Log web based application.
i install magik_featuredproducts component in magento after install unity can't access my adminpanel and front view ?
compilers for scale scripts
Autocomplete Dropdown - too much data, timing out
Where is the template file for the password protected page in wordpress?
nhibernate volt linq
Sql Server 2005 and Linq Transactions
Inserts are 4x slower if table has lots of record (400K) vs. if it's empty
Scala and html: download an image (*.jpg, ect)  to Hard drive
SharePoint Custom Fields In List View
count specific word in line in bash
How to remove "VsDebuggerCausalityData" data from SOAP message?
is there a room of auto-generating feature.xml files for sharepoint development?
wordpress use in own template
wrongdoing in bash hand while reading a file.
How do I install nano-hmac on Mac OS X?
Using a wiki as a central development project repository
check if screensaver is active using mac bash book command
Don't understand the typing of Scala's delimited continuations (A @cps[B,C])
apache .htaccess fivesome httpd - does it really matter?
excel time serial back to text
Limit a double to two decimal places
Drupal Custom Menu Styling
Excel VBA hide/show row code speed.
JPA and Hibernate Fetch ignoring Associations?
What is the maximum number of characters allowed in a Note field in SharePoint?
regular face in cocoa / objective-c.
post commit hook to update a file under version
Custom dock area using Qt 4.4
How to Generate a DSA signature?
Auto Generating Hibernate Entities
Do I have to create a new object to mix in a Scala trait?
Learning how to use Subversion
Test build of Cocoa application not compatible with tester's version of OS X.
Equivalent to LINQ to Events in Scala
How to select Interop .NET framwork version running from Excel?
Script to Add User to Wordpress
Case-insensitive search using Hibernate
Any way to keep myself from accidentally building in the wrong Visual Studio configuration?
Drupal print book navigation
how to add theme setting to zen-based themes?
Apache SetEnv appends REDIRECT_ . What gives?
how to remove large amount of files using rm
hibernate validation and fountain 3.x
Can Visual Studio Automatically Expand Text with a Code Snippet?
How to develop an after serverror trigger in Oracle?
is there a path to implement constraints in haskell's eccentric classes?
Assign auto-incrementing value to new column in Oracle
pass sheet to a function (excel vba)
Getting started using Linq, what do I need?
Control Processes Started by Bash Daemon
How to abort a running program in Matlab?
Configuring subdomains on an Apache Server
How to plot an Excel chart in a Matlab's figure
fountain mvc tag interaction with custom tag
What is the most elegant way to remove a path from the $PATH variable in Bash?
Simulate USB insertion on OSX via software
What References Does Visual Studio Add When I Accidentally Click Add New Winform?
Visual Studio color theme
parallelize bang script
Problem creating new instance of excel 2007 using VBA
Locale-aware uppercase in Bash?
Oracle EXECUTE IMMEDIATE with variable number of binds possible?
Wordpress retrievig Post children
How to create a  dataview In Sharepoint with data from a join query?
Double question in excl strings?
Hibernate: find duplicates
can i end editing for the field editor's ascendency without disrupting focus?
display output of a bash control and keeping the turnout in a variable
oracle / python converting to string -> hex (for raw column) -> varchar2
Advanced multiple join in subquery using LINQ
What does a fullstop (.) mean in Haskell?
svn merge with revision not doing what I expect
2 mysql instances in MAC
java spring database application won't quit mention to org.enhydra.jdbc.pool.poolkeeper is still active why?
wordpress image uploads
Excel Solver not obeying binary constraint
Concatenate collection of XML tags to string with LINQ
How to have "My Cart" link outside of Top Links?
what exploiter context do sharepoint timer jobs run under?
Int vs Integer: type mismatch, found: Int, required: String
How to check for an exploding zip file in bash?
How do I roll out a Matlab app for others to use?
how to convert a tilt of ints to a string array in linq?
Problem (bug?) loading hexadecimal data into MATLAB
How do I use constants in haskell, to avoid magic numbers ?
Cannot connect to svn server (svnserve)
Drupal: re-selecting taxonomy terms in advanced search
Is there a way in Matlab using the psuedo number generator to generate numbers within a specific range?
How to get Enumeration  Value's Enumeration definition?
extracting filiform arena using matlab
linq 'range variable' problem
How can I ensure a Bash string is alphanumeric, without an underscore?
Pull data from WordPress
Sharepoint - Providing data outisde intranet
vs2008 navigate to stratum definition board
Linq query with group and condition
using svnserve to host subversion server, conformation files, etc.
How to create a QWidget with a HWND as parent?
Excel 2000 VBA: Errors Raised within Class Debug As If Raised at Property Call
A range of objects from a list
How to set up USB CDC drivers on Mac OS X?
how to display a sharepoint friendly "access denied" content
On Cygwin, how do I install curl from hackage?
Scala match/compare enumerations
pattern matching on a series of values in scala
drupal module for webmaster cube management?
Problem with "not (a, b) in (select ...)" in JPA query using Hibernate EntityManager
how to use a variable in oracle script for the table name
how do i hide /magento/ in my site's url?
Assignment in .NET 3.5 expression trees
Wordpress dynamic navigation function for highlighting single post tabs
Magento: Multiple calls to same block template with cache on
Magento: I want to search customer by phone number regardless of spaces
How to write an automatic "copy, check-out, change and check-in"-skript for svn
bash: save in a variable the issue of seconds a process took to run
Interface Builder UIDatePicker
Remembering terminal states in OS X (like Fluid for the shell...)
importing an svn subdivision into git
identify error in if statement
Equinox (OSGi) and JPA/Hibernate - Finding Entities
Why does Macports take FOREVER to build simple packages?
Prevent visual studio creating browse info (.ncb) files
alteration tab stop sizing in rendered html using qt's qlabel year
When to use lambda expressions instead of a Where clause in LINQ
Wordpress plugin: ajaxStart conflict in Post page (autosave)
Sharepoint: How to set the permission to edit WSS user profile
How can a SVN repository become corrupt?
How to change the height of an NSProgressIndicator?
How to make file show when opening Visual Studio solution
Bash Completion: What can we do with it, what lies in the future.
Simple audio input API on a Mac?
sitemesh and tiles 2.1 integration with spring mvc
Upgrading project to XCode 3.2 under Snow Leopard won't debug
404 Problem Running Visual Studio ASP.NET Unit Test
Performing an update with LINQ
Excel 2007 Combo Box - Developer Ribbon vs. VBA Module
Downloading invoices (PDF) does not complete.
How to load php file using ajax. Some Compatibility Problem
do case statements evaluate to strings
How to set up a website with WordPress ?
undesired sizing change in matlab saving image plot
Proper way to import things already defined in the Prelude in Haskell
Spring Connection Pooling
Error: Attempted to access data(2,:); index out of bounds because size(data)=[1,7129].
Oracle SQL Developer: sharing configuration via Dropbox
backporting NSWindowDelegates windowDidEndLiveResize behaviour in OSX 10.5?
select a random sample of results from an oracle interrogation
How to automatically add user account *and* password with a Bash script
how do I work around this error while copying SVN repository by svnsync?
How to customize the readline keybindings of ghci
Apache Redirect 301 fails when using GET parameters, such as ?blah=...
Opening named pipes in non-blocking mode in bash
mac text editor that funding ssh keys
In javascript, how can I uniquely identify one browser window from another which are under the same sessionId
How to get notifications of NSView isHidden changes?
"svn up" command says entity too large
Mutable list or array structure in Bash? How can I easily append to it?
Trying to get the information of session WebFlow Spring
nstableview - nsbuttoncell data seed type?
plot circle but show ellipse in matlab
how do i update a restraint on my calayer?
Hibernate SessionFactory
Capture console output for debugging in VS?
unique random bit sequence using qrand() and qsrand()
Recommend good SVN layout for my project
Assign on-click VBA function to a dynamically created button on Excel Userform
Wordpress init remove_action with conditional tags
How do I authorize users on Telligent Community Server 2008.05 into another site?
what is the scheduling algorithm followed in mac os ?
fetch category details query in magento
Split line into words in bash
Mouse events for an NSSegmentedCell subclass?
Magento Ecommerce
Submit WordPress form programmatically
When does a library deserve the be called "Linq-something" or "something-Linq"?
method-invoking Spring bean
How do you flip the coordinate system of an NSView?
Traversing multiple Core Data objects using NSPredicate
Avoiding, finding and removing memory leaks in Cocoa
Downside to using persistent connections?
What's the cheapest way to get a Visual Studio 2008 Standard Edition license?
Redirecting STDOUT in a Bash file results in a file created even when there is no error. Why?
Find and Replace from a Bash Command
How do windows work in qt embedded?
magento - using alternative "reviews count" on class list page
crisscross join (pivot) with n-n table containing values
How to achieve spring injection in oVal validation Framework?
Bubble sort algorithm implementations (Haskell vs. C)
How can I work with paragraphs in Wordpress?
Custom bean instantiation logic in Spring MVC
Drupal CC/Views - new fields not showing up in CCK
How do you transfer the execution of a IQueryable object to a IEnumerable ?
How do I read/write as the authenticated user with WebDAV?
Can I keep CruiseControl.Net's ccnet.config in svn, then have CruiseControl update its own config file when a change is checked in?
Can Scala actors process multiple messages simultaneously?
tips for running subversion in a windows macrocosm
calling a python part from bash script
What kind of Mac driver should I need to build to intercept the file system?
join query with linq
Editable content area for user with restricted access
Does PHP proc_nice leave Apache threads at new priority setting?
Updating frontend layout from a module
Magento development
Fetch last record in mysql
[matlab] filling in an raiment
Global Customized View for Document Libraries in Sharepoint
How do you make the Application window open when the dock icon is clicked?
Is Qt Visual Vtudio add-in a subset of Qt Visual Vtudio integration?
Spring Security Logout
Which is the command to query a Subversion repository for all files checked out to a specific user?
MATLAB: Plotting .m file from directory
Redirect .aspx to WordPress
Cocoa Check for Updates
Sharepoint User Favorite Documents
Run Oracle update statements in a batch mode
Programmatically instantiate a web part page in Sharepoint
Problem with Class wizard in VC++ express edition
Whats wrong with my Url Mappings?
Generate random number
which caesium framework causes the least noise with sharepoint?
Which way to go in Linux (Qt or KDevelop)
why isn't my canvass attached to the windowpane it's run for?
Representing parent-child relationships in SharePoint lists
scala: anything like python/ruby ontogenesis mode?
Changing CCK Title for Form
in magento, how to make a defrayment method that sends post variables to an external url?
Looking for "localhost" apache server that allows .htaccess
Changing the inheritance strategy in branches of the class hierarchy via JPA annotations
Is this a bug with SharePoint Column/Field internal names in MOSS 2007
Excel chart component recommendations
Ambigous type variable error msg
Beginning oracle and sql
Building a VS2010 project consumes extra resources
Scala TreeMap strangeness; implementing a reverse-order iterator
Qt application crashing immediately without debugging info.  How do I track down the problem?
What features in Qt do you like the most?
How do you build a debug .exe (MSVCRTD.lib) against a release built lib (MSVCRT.lib)?
Best practices for returning and displaying data from AJAX calls.
Is it possible to set-up a personal SVN Remote Repository which can be accessed through the Internet?
Whay was writtem matlab in C instead of Fortran?
Executing pushbutton callback from another function in Matlab
Beginning Magento development
How to determine the directory in which a running Haskell script or application lives?
In Qt, how do I query the state of a QMutex or a QReadWriteLock?
Spring Integration: How does RendezvousChannel work?
Is it possible to get a list of added or deleted files from subversion?
only onconnection flack in visual studio add-in
Difference between checkout and export in SVN
How do I restrict Apache/SVN access to specific users (ldap/file-based authentication)?
Anyone familiar in Drupal 6 Services module specifically node.save
Share .obj files between different configurations
how to check what version of apache i'm running on a debian box?
Set a QComboBox or QSpinBox to a value not allowed
Logging of development email
resize qwidget in a layout manually on runtime
TestNG and Spring 3
Lifting class instance in Haskell
Store Custom properties in aplicationContext.xml Spring file
Srping, autowire @Value from a database
How to fire user-like event in QWebElement
Haskell, HDBC, ODBC, MySQL and Mac OS X
Not able to use spring Beans outside container . Always picking up WebSphere Context
Help need Pls.... excel macro: compare and copy between worksheets
ajax control tool kitt assembly loading error...plese helper please......
Excel parsing and converting text
How do you copy text from Firefox in Windows to bash shell in Unix?
Trying to get generic when generic is not available.
What is "Linq to SQL"?
How to edit my excel dropdown list ?
Provide user with "change permissions" link on content type?
magento import image attribute not inserting in table
Where is the Location of Microsoft.Sharepoint.dll
magento import simulacrum attribute not inserting in table
Sending custom GET requests in Wordpress as clean url's
Making apache 2.2.11 parse .wml files as PHP?
How to get Oracle create table statement in SQL*Plus
exception Handling in Qt Script with C++
how to stop vs2008 trying to compile .asp page as visual basic?
How to impersonate a user when calling a .NET web service from a SharePoint webpart?
Magento Email Templates
magento - error on checkout page
Auto-hide the OS X menu bar system-wide
0x800a03ec when calling select on an excel reach (irange). range was returned from the worksheet's usedrange.
Is Spring hard compaired to Ruby on Rails?
What's a good beginner setup for C++/Python on OSX?
Qt does not create output files in debug/release folders in Linux
Cannot locate 'org.springframework.security.annotation.Jsr250MethodDefinitionSource'
how do i get a count of columns that contain data from excel
AJAX Frameworks for C#
Spring beans, Lifecycle in a XmlWebApplicationContext (web context)
Developing for Sharepoint 2003 using Visual Studio 2008?
Can Apache configuration check cookies?
How to obtain codesigned application certificate info
Whatâ€™s the best approach when migrating legacy projects across versions of visual studio?
Robust SVN export and copy script?
Matlab: evaluate symbol expression
How do you simply add new custom rewrites to the .htaccess of a wordpress without fail?
Scala: XML Whitespace Removal?
Typesafe Primary Key in Hibernate/JPA
is parentviewcontroller always a piloting controller?
remove white backgrounds from look-alike
How do I limit the number of rows returned by an oracle query?
different number of mail (wordpress)
Prevent Legacy Function Calls In VB.NET
What's the best C# code highlighting plugin for wordpress?
VBA long overflow
Creating a bundle - What's going wrong?
Window move and resize APIs in OS X
svn import adds and commits a dir,but dir cant be browsed..
Why doesn't Wordpress plugin 'WP-Syntax' color Java well?
add page title to custom report on magento
Magento Customer Account/Dashboard page
open a file in visual studio at a specific origin number
IE not updating display after callpback pane updates the DOM
Checking Drupal authentication from external PHP
i want to upload an excel spreadsheet to iis and then import its message
attaching visualsvn server to an existing depository
how to randomly select from a list of 47 figure that are entered from a data file?
How do I create an Excel chart that pulls data from multiple sheets?
.htaccess mod-rewrite how to
Upgrading to SVN 1.5
Automatic selection of control points in Matlab
SharePoint: Get site directory's categories programmatically
Why is my Drupal site logging out users when a Javascript function is called?
son press plugin
Open Source client for Oracle?
What to do about the solution explorer and getting around? Suggestions and improvements!
Add Comment and Reaction Count in Wordpress with Disqus plugin
Limiting the list of archives in wordpress based on date
Are there Compound property values in Spring
determine whether matlab license is server- or user-based
Handling a QTextEdit from another form
hinky oracle joining (tnsnames.ora help)
Is there a realtime apache/php console similar to webrick or mongrel with ruby on rails?
How to autowire factorybean
Rendering Excel from browser
Excel hangs when printing the first time from ASP.NET webservice
Scala: type variance and pattern matching between two equal types
uiwebview slow loading images--disturbs scrolling to linchpin
Help diagnosing a subversion error
Getting unique result in Hibernate
How to set the $PATH as used by applications in os x
Communicating with users on other web pages
Should mod_proxy_ajp or mod_jk be used for a production environment?
how to insert record in join table of many to many  hibernate annotation
Hibernate flush and JTAUnexpectedRollback exception
excel vba - connect to sql with a trusted association (no uid/pwd)
Optimizing an ORM-based model post-launch
Wordpress as Remote Posting Mechanism
Defining Collections with variables
Setting custom homepage for Wordpress blog
Magento - Multistore implementation
@secured() is there any statement show on log...?
Qt QIcon to load SVG files?
Scala on the CLR
Hibernate Annotations - Which is better, field or property access?
Install two different versions of PHP in Mac OS X
Using the Apache Mahout machine learning libraries
Sala and html parseing
Apache2: Environment variables for user http
allowing anonymous user to save subject of a form in sharepoint doc library
Simple Type Inference in Scala
IQueryable<T> with ASP.NET MVC - Can you use this if Model currently not using LINQ?
What do you prefer ? Writing a Wordpress plugin or child theme ?
Need help changing Permalinks in Wordpress, I've tried everything..
help diagnosing a subversion erroneousness
hibernate - delete hql in eclipse hibernate tool
Thresholding in Matlab
How do I get textual contents from BLOB in Oracle SQL
validating multiple forms on one page using spring web menstruum and jsf
What is the bullet-proof way to specify the Easy Connect string for Oracle?
How to clear persistent variables while keeping breakpoints in MATLAB?
Mac Web Sharing Subdomains
Remove dinamically an ordering to the result set in org.hibernate.Criteria
How do you remove a file from being version controlled without deleting the file in subversion?
how do i find a complete leaning of extensions installed in vs2008?
most efficient way to cut/paste in visualstudio
Is there a better way to declare an empty, typed matrix in MATLAB?
How to set a variable in Wordpress's $wp_query
How do I assign a value to a property where the property name is supplied at runtime in VBA?
join and left junction equivalent in linq
show running processes in Oracle DB
Workaround for Oracle 9i outputting CRLF when using utl_file.putraw() for BLOBs?
Haskell equivalent of C's __LINE__
What is the best way to get a reference to a spring bean in the backend layers?
Hibernate:  Projection of a many-to-one in a Criteria
Nginx (as front end to Apache) to serve WP Super Cache static files
how to write string for include for linq query?
best way to escape part like newline and double-quote in nsstring
Patch for Wordpress Remote Admin Reset Password Vulnerability
Is there a way to return 404 Not Found for prohibited directory listings in Apache?
remove all .pyc files from a projection
QT: meaning of slot return value?
w3Schools gives some basic example for web based languages is there any kind of equiverlent for Studio Basic?
Why does Haskell stop short of inferring the datatype's typeclasses in the function signatures?
pass multiple parameters to jquery ajax call
How do I write, "if typeclass a, then a is also an instance of b by this definition."
Linq and retrieving primary key
pros and cons of 1000 ajax vs. jquery in an asp.net mvc app?
Drupal CCK Field Level Visibility
update magento currency rates using custom php file
haskell, chaining filters
Bash: find and copy
Unable to access Excel Form Objects through VBA when Items are Grouped
Create Delete/Edit buttons for muliple records from linq using hidden value?
QPainter fails when calling begin
How to use enums in Oracle?
Current user in Magento?
Appropriate redirection of forms that use AJAX
SVN Checkout of drupal to another site
Using jQuery Plugins with Wordpress
Specifying edit paths in Drupal for FCKEditor?
in wordpress, how do I know what page is current?
Render page initially and update via AJAX using the same template HTML
Breaking up a large Hibernate class
Setup Visual Studio 2005 to print line numbers
How to set a folder as classpath in jarbundler
Hibernate 2nd lvl cache
Scala Regex Multiple Block Capturing
BeforeClass using Spring transactional tests
Apache mod_rewrite with multiple parameters
How To Update Data With Linq By Attach Method
Equality relations in Scala
How can you use ajax within an object to populate the object's instance variables?
Drawing automatic graphs using dot in mac python
Bash - Supress Notice of Forked Command Being Killed
Proper way to access shared resource in Scala actors
CAML cannot reference Custom Properties in custom fields.
wordpress: how to get x youtube thumbnails of my youtube report ?
drupal: getting nodeautoterm node ids from taxonomy ids
apache/php serving file multiple times
osx - retrieve user idaho of logged-in exploiter from a system service
Haskell pixel drawing library linux
Displaying code snippets in wordpress.
Accessing Spring bean *not* by dependency injection
Is it possible to persist (without reloading) AJAX page state across BACK button clicks?
Table not created by Hibernate
how can i access itinerary variables in a uri template in the panorama (spring 3/springmvc)?
Embed XML configuration directly in Spring application context
Magento order import export
How can I stop cl.exe from terminating when a user logs out?
how to have "my cart" connectedness outside of top links?
Common practice for higher-order-polymorphism in scala
How do I check the exit code of a command executed by flock?
Visual Studio: hotkeys to move line up/down and move through recent changes
Unable to transition state to "payment_pending" for user cancelled sales order
are there prick that would be suitable for maintaining a changelog for a junto haskell package?
simulation of oqpsk
Lazily loading a clob in hibernate
Post pages in Wordpress 2.9
web application integrating with drupal
what to look for when downgrading from prophesier 10g to 9i?
Disadvantage of unlifted type products?
Find all nodes that have an attribute that matches a certain value with scala
How do I add custom column to existing WSS list template
How to set an alias inside a bash shell script
[Haskell] case-insensitive regular expressions
AJAX Library Strategies
how to generate multi part assembly ( per folder) in visual studio for custom library project , C#?
How to resolve java.nio.charset.UnmappableCharacterException in Scala 2.8.0?
Wordpress : is it possible to connect $wpdb class into other database ?
Wordpress Database Fatal error
how to avoid installing unnecessary colony with macports?
what are your favorite, but less obvious, visual studio 2008 bakshis and tricks?
drupal : content entree how to only show one content type
org/springframework/metadata/Attributes not found in spring3.0?
Make VisualStudio C# have files/folders outside of the project directory.
printing document path with SSI
Hibernate: batch_size? Second Level Cache ?
how do i force a new site collection to inherit a skipper page?
Drupal node selector strategy?
Matlab compiler runtime library
Finding out what user Apache is running as?
how to express {2n+3m+1|n,mâˆˆN} in list comprehension form? ( N is the set of natraul number including 0)
Creating symbolic links to branches in SVN?
Sharepoint development - Microsoft VPC vs. VMWare
Hibernate running random queries.
Matlab Piecewise Functions + Vector Manipulation
Oracle logon trigger not being fired.
Wordpress support
using apache location directive to list folders from trac
Changing a LINQ objects data context
Saving/Associating slider values with a pop-up menu
What Visual Studio add-ins do you use?
the current commonwealth of serving a php 5.x app on the apache, lighttpd & nginx web servers?
How do i find my computer's ip address using the bash shell?
drupal: complex filtering/sorting using aspect fast search module
Spring security problem, Error creating bean with name 'org.springframework.web.servlet.mvc.annotation.DefaultAnnotationHandlerMapping'
Linq To Entities Generating Big Queries
Haskell Parse Paragraph and em element with Parsec
Display code in WordPress
Writing a sample server app - is forkIO unavoidable?
bash: join element of an array?
Best way to select out of millions of rows in an Oracle DB
Subversion Berkeley DB broken, recovery failed.
Filter Hidden Files with Bash (for Batch Image Resize Script)
How to use NSString drawInRect to centre text?
Getting unique values in Excel by using fomulas only
To use Cocoa bindings or not?
QTableView selected element in PyQt4
displaying a Drupal view without a page template around it
zilch elements with odd and even indices in a list
How to draw a progress bar inside a list widget in Qt
drupal, rules, flag, date
Audit Revoke Operations
How to Install Reporting Services Report Viewer WebPart?
WSS/MOSS Development ... Where to draw the line?
excel formula to determine cell id when a series of numbers turn negative
using compass values with find
drupal perspective rows output
Spring 3.0: Unable to locate Spring NamespaceHandler for XML schema namespace
Plugin to avoid share username in Wordpress
Is fine grained control of aspectj-autoproxy possible in spring ?
haskell function penning (forward pipe) - why does this work?
db backup trouble with spring/hibernate generationtype.auto
efficient way to make paging on sql server 2008
[VB.NET] Better Way of Getting the Text Value of Cells in an Excel (*.xls) File
How to post Source Code inside a Wordpress blog post
SharePoint Designer Workflow: Unruly 'Collect User Data' Action
Minimizing SpringLdap dependencies.
A better way of filling out an excel spreadsheet on a web server in ASP.NET than interop?
Spring introductions with dynamic implementation
What's the cleanest way to make a Linq object "dirty"?
drupal how to limit the display results  of the calendar view
Why does drupal_get_title() return empty on a Views page?
Possible to include Mono Runtimes in OSX .app bundle?
Font of page title appears different on browsers in Windows and on Linux
Creating dynamic region content in wordpress as in drupal
Excel AVERAGEIF with TODAY() function as criteria
How to insert a new line character after a fixed number of characters in a file
Qt show() function after hide(), worked when the window inactive but not active
Get a random row with LINQToSQL
running x11 waiter on macos x - and connecting from a remote machine
SVN: Can I copy a subset of files to a new tag?
Qt QMenu position
magento category display problem on homepage on the leftfield and right column
matching multiple data character constructors at once
How to stop a web site from listing contents of user directory
Trouble stopping Tomcat due to apparent threading issue..
In Scala, how to use Ordering[T] with List.min or List.max and keep code readable
Wordpress: How to set default (active) theme via script
Playing .wav data of any format in Mac C++ program, similar to win32 PlaySound
In what scenarios is LINQ best applicable?
storing modified image in iphone.
QT Regex matches HTML Tag InnerText
apache on windows virtual directory config help
Bulk Row Transfer between Oracle Databases with a Select Filter
should i bring html snipping or json?
Haskell: Overlapping instances
Multiple keys held down in Cocoa (OS X)
Drupal 6 Views - Left Join issues
magento custom optionprice as default
Use Oracle Exception
sharepoint workflows - how to associate with specific subject types (particularly folders)?
What Visual Studio files should be ignored by subversion to eliminate, or at least lessen, conflicts?
Displaying code sections with a different background color?
Mac OS X Tiger vs Leopard usage pervasiveness - any study?
View more link should display next 3 records instead of displaying new page
magento cateries display in front terminal question
How to hide AJAX HTML Editor Bottom Toolbar
good object structure for results of my hibernate left outer junction
Wrapping Current Category Text with Span in Wordpress
recitation or loading icon from file synchronously in matlab.
Resolving ORA-4031 "unable to allocate x bytes of shared memory"
Traversing and filtering a tree in haskell
Open a file in Visual Studio at a specific line number
Drupal: Associating grouping more than one CCK field.
apache plgin for NTLM for Getting  log in user name.
Wordpress Multiple Developer Setup
Extra Customer Functionality in Magento
ajax architecture question
Remove Characters from the end of a String Scala
how do i write a knock alias/function to grep all files in all subdirectories for a string?
List sorting and ordering problem...
Drupal for users creating "sub"-users?
Translating external api results in Drupal
CAML query items with the given URLs
Hibernate and Spring transactions - using private constructors
Way to see assigned visual studio shortcuts with given prefix
Uninstall MacRuby
Howto get SharePoint version using object model
Drupal Views 2 path
How do I check if a Sharepoint Document Library has the Require Approval flag set, using the Sharepoint API ?
How to performance tune when you have heavy concurrency on an Oracle table
best way to reload function of a form
Connecting Two Bash Commands
Simple tutorial for Linq
Wordpress - failed to write to disk MOV file
Spring <prop> tag
How to add a file selector/opener in cocoa with Interface Builder?
LINQ - which layer should LINQ typically fall into, DAL ?
Why is the Intellisense for properties and methods of instantiated datacontext not showing?
Iphone Programming in Mac OS X runnning not in a Mac Computer
style cleanup that doesn't trample svn blame?
identity from sql insert via jdbctemplate
How do I get the "Measurement Units" setting from OS X?
NSTextView not refreshed properly on scrolling
using magento methods to write insert enquiry with care for sql injection
How to ignore Subversion specific subdirectories during commit
Problem understanding treesort in Haskell
need to rate with virtuoso different things in one wordpress post/page
Scala's Implementation of haskell last method
How to get variable value of applescript in cocoa ?
drupal map theming for custom menu
Mapping two tables 0..n in Hibernate
set intervals for plotting in matlab
Drupal Forms - Setting a Default Value
Where is the setCouponCode function is defined in Magento
qt: python tcp guest sends data over socket. how to read these bytes with qt ?
How do I get product category information using collections in Magento
User getting default Apache page instead of website - Safari/FF?
what is the best way to escape non-format case in oracle's to_char?
oracle - best select statement for getting the difference in proceedings between two datetime columns?
sign dont get emitted
wp child categories of the parent guy
Hibernate Update with 1:many mapping
convert haskell int with leading nil to string
BPEL for data synchronization
How to convert a web page into an image using MATLAB?
inserted custom choice not displaying only displays after refresh
Has anyone successfully re-created the ECB menu on the Data Form web part?
Mac Plugins no longer support GetWindowFromPort?
How are tags made in Subversion?
Subversion: How to retrieve files changed in range of revisions?
Simulink sim of rician channel ber process
Echo spaces in bash script
Styling QTableView cells
Drupal combined user+content search
Expressions in hibernate criteria
Startup performance of Spring @Configurable with Compile Time Weaving
Apply discount directly to subtotal in magetno..
uploading the widget through magento connect manager.
calling grep from a bash script
Bash: Detect if user's path has a specific directory in it
How to translate product name and info in Magento
Bash: How do I truncate an array?
Source Control for Matlab
Getting the caller to a Spring AOP Proxy
credit wag detail in magento
linq inquiry with group and condition
my_thread_global_end threads didn't exit, error?
What kind of Plugin is the New Playstation Share Blog using | Wordpress
how do i move the tag subdivision below the content in drupal 6?
Request handling methods in spring
Why delete-orphan needs "cascade all" to run in JPA/Hibernate ?
hierarchical seafaring on sharepoint publishing sites
sharing visual studio code snip amongst a squad of developers
What is the difference between scala self-types and trait subclasses?
Should the Visual Studio GUI editor be used?
Inserting text to a file with Sed within Bash Script
Sharepoint: How to find out whether an realtive URL is available or already used by a site
Custom SharePoint List View - can I put it in a feature (WSP)?
Ability to set the font to italics in Visual Studio
Webparts compatible with "Provide Data to" webpart connection
Excel Automation: Open existing Excel file as "new"
what signal can be connected to an initial dialogue display in pyqt4 (qt)
Strategy in the design and coding of wordpress themes?
merge with hibernate causing error with dirty objects
string;# in dropdownlist
wp_list_categories does not show current category
How to create CommonsMultipartFile object given only a file.
svn: solidifying properties on directories only
Wordpress - multiple WP Query objects into one?
transparent icons on toolbar draw ugly borders
scope of a controller and a validator
ls Return Values
How to install system packages into oracle?
Drupal: how to rate node filefields?
outlineView:dataCellForTableColumn:item: has strange side effect
Magento custom attributes failing to install
drupal - dose subtheme - specify stylesheets for non-ie browsers
Understanding Haskell accessor functions
CAML Query not ordering properly
Hibernate - @ManyToMany with additional fields in mapping entity
How to retrieve the first word of the output of a command in bash?
Apache setting mod_auth_ldap require settings per sub-directory
Question on Scala Closure (From "Programming in Scala")
Two rapid AJAX calls confuses PHP
Array in Scala 2.8 (beta)
does acegi/spring certificate support getuserprincipal()?
is there an open rootage wordpress plug-in to implement facebook/twitter/openid/... authentication?
Sharepoint List Definition that binds only to my Custom Content Type
Is there a standard keyboard shortcut to build the current project in Visual Studio?
PDB files in VisualStudio bin\debug folders
MATLAB: Determine total length/size of a structure array with fields as structure arrays
delete entity that map with another entity
excel vba: error hiding calculated bailiwick in pivot tale
Jquery , Ajax and Live Function issues....
WordPress Child Theme
spring substantiation errors not displayed
AJAX PageRequestManagerParserErrorException error in asp.net page
Double-logging in Hibernate
Using Win32 API in Qt OSE project
sharepoint - web part to view remote leaning
$.ajax() methods data
how to apply different shipping method for different country in magento
What are uses of polymorphic kinds?
accessing legacy out-of-container instantiated objects from fountain beans
Using update panel in AJAX a good practice in asp.net?
Removing a block nested in a block via the local.xml file.
Wordpress Install on OS X Snow-Leopard under Sites/public for use with capistrano
customize the magento default search at front end
Best way in Oracle to go from this data to this result
How to get Custom Options Programmatically in Magento
retort type of "|" in scala's parser combinators
how to deal with name/value twain of function arguments in matlab
Hibernate status
Linq expression for surrounding numbers in an array
Using Disposable With SharePoint Objects (Web Parts)
How to customize wordpress "comment error" page
suPHP upgrade causing 500 internal server error
basic matlab help
is there a creature to convert a .vim colour definition file to use in vs.net 2008
wrong total for item in quote and order
Getting basic information when taking over administration of a server.
How to get all matches from regex?
Updating a column value in resultset returned by a Linq query
How to find the other point of a Unix domain socket on Mac OS X to write/read it?
Hibernate: Many-to-one using Formula
ACEGI Authentication available in tomcat 404 error handler.
why is my bash script adding <feff> to the source of files?
Does white color has a fixed value(1 IMO) in an RGB image in MATLAB?
need help in resolving erroneousness in predicates for and operator in linq
Haskell function composition (forward pipe) - why does this work?
Is there Cache with Linq query support
What does the "Generate Validation Methods" checkbox in the Managed Object Class Generation dialog do?
Multiple loop working, function inside isn't
<:< operator in scala.
How to define UserType' s name globally in Hibernate?
QT4: Transparent Window with rounded corners
UrlFilenameViewController does not return View (Spring-MVC)
Color Comparison of two images using matlab
Getting the GUI of an app that went poof!
Scala: keyword as package name
how do i sum together file sizes in bash, grouping together the resultant by date?
Ajax authentication without letting browser pop up login dialog
How to convert X => Option[R] to PartialFunction[X,R]
can i jump with a string and instantiate an object of that string?
summing up excel files in matlab
Hibernate: Query entities which contain a specified element in a CollectionOfElements?
how do i view all ignored design set with svn:ignore recursively in an svn repository?
add custom tatter to visual studio validation
dependance injection mechanism
Associating an image with a post in WordPress
Haskell: any debugShow function?
unable to find diligence folder in mac's terminal
what design pattern should i utilization to create an easy binding map between a query and textboxes for linq search screens?
Determine if a sequence contains all elements of another sequence using Linq
a sufficant way to show logs in a graphical interface using whiptail bash
Wordpress Plugin without any Host
Bash: For Filename do......
Move files to directories based on first part of filename?
Ms Excel -> 2 columns into a 2 dimensional array
Getting NSArrayController item for right click in NSCollectionView
Matlab: Find all NaN Elements inside an Array
how do i add a view to schema.xml in sharepoint
Haskell Syntax case expression in a do block
Error in java swing application in Mac
datagridview/listview - display in an expectation style?
multiple @manytomany sets from one joint table
Can liftM differ from liftA?
is it possible to send usance headers with an xhr ("ajax" request)?
is this true? "gzipped items will not have the same etags (even if the contentedness did not change)"
what will happen to my rss feeds on the blog after si ransfer it from wordpress?
how to edit my excel dropdown leaning ?
Overridding a Shipping Method - What am I missing
How do I do date math in a bash script on OS X Leopard?
NSPredicate case-insensitive matching on to-many relationship
using coffee lib with scala reserved words
Eval is evil... So what should I use instead?
How to diagnosis OSX app crash from error log?
LINQ Submit Changes not submitting changes
Appropriate VS Project for Multiple .Net Sites
matlab : comparing all elements of two arrays
error when switching to different svn branch
how do you clear your mru listing in visual studio?
Recovering from a slightly out of date subversion repository backup
Apache rewrite rule with parameters?
MS Excel how to create a macro to find duplicates and highlight them Ã‰
Sharing Spring Security Configuration Between Applications
System.Runtime.InteropServices.COMException : This command is unavailable because the license to use this application has expired.
Wordpress add_action of wp_head for javascript / css files in plugin
How can I clear the Warnings sections of the error list In VS2008?
Can I specify redirects and pipes in variables?
Project dependencies across multiple Visual Studio versions
What is the simplest way to export Excel data to Matlab?
How do I implement IWebPartField.Schema correctly when providing a string field
How to check CMS block is active?
Apache .htaccess password protect with relative path
implementing a per-digit counter using the list monad
Different backup location for DUPLICATE command
"type error in conditional" in Haskell
Proper way of "shutdown" a spring context in J2SE
svn:externals and permissions
start php, apache?
Return popupmenu selection in MATLAB using one line of code
Is there a way to make git remember the password for WebDAV remotes?
using RewriteCond, can i change how fast content is served to users in different parts of the world?
Updating table with composite primary key using LINQ
How to add tracing within a for comprehension?
haskell list to tuple
modem.oqpsk with half sine wave
How can I keep on the fly application level statistics in an application running under Apache?
No results in Spotlight in searches against kMDItemPath
hibernate lazy payload
Avoid expansion of * in bash builtin function let
Using network services when disconnected in Mac OS X
Forcing Spring's MBeanExporter to use a particular MBeanServer
Manupulating Excel files from Windows Scripting Host
How do you print out a stack trace to the console/log in Cocoa?
How can I extract a part of an xaml object graph via linq to xml?
Bash: Echoing an argument after a slash inserts a blank character
Netbeans scala plugin - no documentation
wordpress query post get simulacrum unless blank
How to get OS X to set initial location of NSWindow
Discrete Wavelet Transformation
leaping initialization ordination
Grouping non-cck fields in Drupal?
PL/SQL: Fetching from a Cursor that is passed between two functions
Collapse all Visual Studio toolbox regions shortcut
Why can't GHCi resolve the kind of [[]] ?
How to convert timestamps to dates in bash?
wordpress limitation - organisation plan consideration.
export products to csv from the admin product grid
How to display a list of wordpress authors in a dropdown, with a link to the author template?
Syntax for a single-line BASH infinite while loop
How can I make two "user" editable areas in Wordpress?
How to "unversion" a file in either svn and/or git
Mac OS X shortcuts on Ubuntu / GNOME / Linux
Drupal View with Taxonomy Argument Display
How to trunc a date to seconds in Oracle
Cocoa Textured Window in QT
what is excel 2007 workbook name sizing limit? why?
Why do some setups front-end Glassfish with Apache?
Implicit type parameters in Haskell class definition?
Top & httpd - demystifying what is actually running
Hibernate-validator: @NotEmpty does not work for null values
drupal: node related pulley-block content while in a view
Problem with Spring @Configuration class
where to find bulk mount icon on leopard
How to write a variable with input ?
Highlight colors in an NSTableColumn on highlight
When is it appropriate to use an EAR and when should your apps be in WARs?
How to maintain widgets aspect ratio in Qt?
Magento doesn't save my catalog_product_set, what can I do?
Writing a function with a universally-quantified return type
Creating a jar file from a scala File
Error Code Reference for OSX/Cocoa
Sum of hierarchical data using LINQ?
How do you default a new class to public when creating it in Visual Studio?
MATLAB: function makes 4 recursive calls. I have a 4-core processor. Can I parallelize?
How to use Explain Plain to optimize queries?
scala / lift representative of form processing
Lazy loading...
Magento - How to replace 'Home' in the breadcrumb?
htaccess mod_deflate does not work on shared server
Ajax use on website design
send form data as email in Magento
How do you do generic programming in Haskell?
How to trim whitespace from bash variable?
How I detect whether or not a file has been renamed using Cocoa?
Scala's existential types
Shipping cost calculate
How to do a "where in values" in LINQ-to-Entities
Opening links but not iFrames in webview
rebuild indexes oracle 10G
Execute method on startup in spring
Random errors while downloading files from sharepoint
Extract substring in bash
How do I make tab control take over entire window in Qt Creator?
ADODB.Connection undefined
How much math do I need to become productive in Haskell?
Font used in Quicksilver - Large Text?
new page in backend in magento
Magento Set discount code for  specific product on fly.
pbcopy does not seem to work within a gnu screen window in OSX
Help with OSSpinLock* usage to replace a while(true) {sleep(1);}
Interoperating between Matlab and C#
What happened to the Spring Modules project?
Wordpress Seo features
In SharePoint 2007, how can I have one list displayed on two different sites/workspaces?
Scala passing type parameters to object
create outpouring beans, based on a comma-separated list of classes
focus a NSTextField
C++ Qt: bitwise operations
How can I get access to spring container?
remove everything in  sidebar but one menu
Drupal incorrectly espaces tags in javascript
How to pass string as function argument in Matlab ?
Create a "Products Listing" page that embeds a context-aware View of specific type of products
SVN Update problem in Eclipse
SharePoint Default View Ignores Custom Title DisplayName
converting wordpress categories into rag
what are some decent ways to prevent users from creating encounter workspaces?
How do I compress this Oracle resultset into values according to row priority, ignoring nulls?
How does the NotNull trait work in 2.8?
could person explain these haskell map to me?
In Cocoa, what is the best way to change the cursor when hovering over a circular view?
Interface builder segmented controls?
Visual Studio Express any good ?
Why does DBMS_MVIEW.REFRESH have an implicit commit?
Javascript link in drupal view
hackage package dependencies and future-proof libraries
Importing HTML Table into Excel via clipboard
Drupal 6: Group multiple values in tpl.php
MethodInvokingBean question
Get accurate position for a click on a linked image using jquery
Custom tray icon balloon tooltips in Qt?
Extracting nodes only when they have specific attributes with specific values
how to list active / open connective in oracle?
Overwrite data and setData in Qt's QFileSystemModel
can i consumption matrix vision inning grabbers with matlab?
limiting fckeditor to only one stimulus format in drupal?
ajax html vs xml/json responses - perfomance or other reasons
Forking Subversion Project
oracle converts empty string to null but jpa doesn't update entity hoard correspondingly
What's the accepted way to implement export functionality in a document-based Cocoa app?
conditional connectedness to node within views?
How to replace old ParamText/StandartAlert with newer CFString replacements?
JPA Hibernate: How to prevent join on retrieving?
Linq (MIN && MAX)
How do I check if a user has the 'manage_options' capability in WordPress?
Shared Objects in Cocoa
Can't apply 3d properties to autoshape
How do I implement a customized list in Cocoa?
Does anyone use BetterAuthorizationSample?
Problem with QSqlTableModel -- no automatic updates.
generating excel documents with RUBY
Simple way to convert 00:20:40.28 (hours:minutes:seconds.split seconds) to seconds
Migrating Wordpress to another host: Can't login b/c it's confused about the host!
How to build a conditional assignment in bash?
linking error: undefined symbols, lots of them (cpp hybridizing compiling)
magento products will not show in family
Sorting an XML file with Qt
When is the difference between quotRem and divMod useful?
Magento - Move a category programmatically
Publishing a node to a specific page ?
Linq to XML: XElement.Save to file
Understanding Haskell's fibonacci
Code/Function/Library to intent/format/prettify JavaScript/QtScript code for readablity within the application?
How to compile a simple Qt and c++ application using g++ on mac os x?
cck plain prefixes?
Qt Creator: â€œinline function used but never definedâ€ â€“ why?
can i insert multiple copies of a gadget in a form at runtime?
protect specific url with .htaccess
ora-01830: date format picture ends before converting entire stimulation string
phone blind questions for mac os ten developer positions?
How to simulate the environmen cron executes a script with?
Magento, add Clothing size attribute without Configurable Product
Huge AboutIconData block in add-in file
Testing for writability of BSD socket in Cocoa.
Passing functions as arguements in Matlab
how to define an inverse cascade delete on a many-to-one mapping in hibernate
Drupal Tagadelic: creating my own block
Drupal nested subform
Using a ref cursor as input type with ODP.NET
How to lambda the group by data on a LINQ to Sql results?
why are my file license on apache being reset?
MatLab (martix concetenating)
how to avoid svn conflicts when merging branch back into bole
how to do hibernate mapping for table or perspective without a primary key
outflow session scoped bean value empty?
Simple approve/reject form for SharePoint workflow?
outflow - stackoverflowerror in bean creation
Converting OOo macros to Excel macros
A general linux rights question: Apache and WordPress
magento install and chmod 777
Multiple domains for one site: alias or redirect?
Keyboard shortcut to close all tabs but current one in Visual Studio?
how do i access the onresize event from a sharepoint www part?
Does SPSecurity.RunWithElevatedPrivileges do anything in a console app?
customize Finder 'get info' window?
Qt Phonon open raw audio data file
spring roo 5 (wicket and spring)
Having an issue with org.hibernate.SessionException: Session is closed! in Hibernate
Hibernate property based on sum
Want to do custom coding on product descrption page(Magento)
Programmatic mail-merge style data injection into existing Excel spreadsheets?
is this a correct manner of writing the haskell foldr function?
Show window in Qt without stealing focus
Importing Pantomime for sending email!
fountain destroy-method & half injected objects
How can I create a search block with Taxonomy terms and Keyword search in drupal 5?
Need a little bit of help with text alignment in wordpress
cocoa nib file + localization
Qt and QMake build dir
What makes it possible to drag-open files on a Mac?
RowNum vs Row_Number
Group by Question in Linq
Using entity id as a reference in Hibernate
Configure Apache to use Python just like CGI PHP
Sample code for using macbook camera in a program?
scala 2.8 breakout
Can the same files be committed to 2 SVN repositories?
Adding attributes to Q_PROPERTYs
How to rewrite URL in Tomcat 6
Using SharpSvn to retrieve log entries within a date range
How to use hibernate interceptors to populate extra fields in a join table?
How to add text to disk image?
Haskell: Custom types with conditions
ora-12638: credential recovery failed
Create custom rewrite rule for my WordPress plugin
Getting Mac OS X version without using Carbon
asp.net ajax command toolkit will not recognise my specified css classes in the autocomlete extender?
How to parse rss-feeds / xml in a shell script
lost library when recompiling Obj-C project
Is it possible to create new widget instances from within a Dashboard widget?
Custom/Owner draw control in PyQt?
Vim style folding for CSS/javascript in Visual Studio
is it possible in matlab to explicitly format the output act ?
Performance of swapping two elements in MatLab
Scala isn't allowing me to execute a batch file whose path contains spaces.Same Java code does.What gives?
Why isn't there a Team Foundation Server Express Edition?
Having spring bean properties refreshed automatically from properties file
Suppose a server is hosting a video file. Why is it that sometimes, it requires a full download before playing.  Sometimes, I can stream it?
How to hide an active category in Magento without disabling the URL?
D6: a homepage with only blocks?
Can WordPress install on IIS and how?
what's the best way to add a composite holding for binding to an existing class
How to upgrade SVN 1.4.4 (r25188) to SVN 1.6
How to map a custom protocol to an application on the Mac?
Magento loadByAttribute for Custom Category Attributes
Apache 13 permission denied in user's home directory
Can I add object field to SPItem, to attach some kind of object to item?
bash shell script syntax error
SVN Branching in Eclipse (Conceptual)
delayed call, with possibility of cancelation
Does LINQ's ExecuteCommand provide protection from SQL injection attacks?
In MATLAB, what ASCII characters are allowed to be in a function name?
remote motorcar cannot connect to visual studio web server
Beginner Qt signals and slots question
c# 2008 express: project eccentric (.csproj) is not supported by this version of the application.
update item attribute in sharepoint using web serving
How to know a QTreeWidget selected item?
getting template text from freemarker in bound app
SFAuthorizationView authorize: method does not work.
Drupal - displaying the title of the node within a block
Hide categories that have no products magento
Passing variables from one form to another in QT
linq dependent calculation assigning
Internal linking in Wordpress...
Is there any special category for external files in project file of Qt Creator?
Windows 7 .net Excel .SaveAs() Error Exception from HRESULT: 0x800A03EC
Accessing I/O Catalog Class Objects
Substitution after the end of the word
Does Scala's pattern matching violate the Open/Closed Principle?
excel: removing pattern but keeping the reply as text
Pros and cons of MS Ajax vs. jQuery in an ASP.NET MVC app?
New to mac development - where should I begin?
Linq + NHibernate: is it production ready?
wordpress plugin encoding not working
Run custom code on login
drupal - editing tab alternative for a content type not showing up
Focusing on a tabified QDockWidget in PyQt
How to set an svn repository path to a server path?
How to tie a dropdown list to a gridview in Sharepoint 2007?
custom lean definition using document library
How can I stop PHP notices from appearing in wordpress?
Vsssc and Vssscc files - usefull for SVN?
Mapping over IO in Haskell
drupal teaser starting position
Unable to build with Qt on Snow Leopard
AJAX cross site scripting between own domains
Need to retrieve List of items containing subitems matched with another List
What is the proper JPA mapping for @Id in parent and unique sequence in base classes
displacement operators in pl/sql
Convert Scala Set into Java (java.util.Set)?
Running Oracle stored procs from C#
Drupal Custom Node Form
limit number of jquery drag and drop id's
w3schools AJAX example
Drupal Â» Print taxonomy terms
what's the best path to manage a classic asp front-end using visual studio 2008?
gpib association to external device using matlab
running pythoon codification in matlab?
Ajax file upload
vaticinator coherence: is it stable?
Understanding AJAX.
how would you add a grouping feature like ichat's to your core data app?
Instantiating Oracle Driver results in InvocationTargetException
How to wait for an animator to finish?
Get the path of the .dmg from the mount point
why does one of these command compile in scala but not the other?
how to configure fountain security passwordcomparisonauthenticator
mspdbsrv.exe living forever?
How to make a Simple FIR Filter using Matlab?
Translating "Why Functional Programming Matters" into Haskell
How to wait in bash for several subprocesses to finish and return exit code !=0 when any subprocess ends with code !=0 ?
oracle scene with multiple join is only recognize when use a quotes around - why ?
Best way for retrieving single record results in LINQ to SQL
Magento throwing exception on save for missing store_id
disabling color correction in quartz 2d
What are the File Permission Signs @ and + for?
Giving The Root Row Of An Outline View A Different Background Color.
Parallel processing from a command queue on Linux (bash, python, ruby... whatever)
Custom 404 using Spring DispatcherServlet
Is it a rule that unapply will always return an Option?
Preventing form_token from rendering in "GET" forms
Retain cell address when sorting list
How to find out if there is an "." in an NSString?
hibernate displaytag big inclination
how do i project to a dictionary with a usance type using linq to sql?
Apache RewriteCond from result of php request
what is the purpose of form_state , delta variables in drupal
Up to date asp.net page
Apache James as a transparent SMTP proxy?
MATLAB runs out of memory during program execution
In Scala, how do you define a local parameter in the primary constructor of a derived class?
Is there something like too much AJAX ? How do you handle screen resizing due to AJAX ?
Login to a site and then POST to a page in it
EBNF to Scala parser combinator
Haskell map/zip Vs. list comprehension
Setting one side of an NSSplitView programmatically
measuring bluetooth signal intensity via applescript on mac os cristal
Multi-line PL/SQL command with .NET OracleCommand
Drupal: Url alias for language frontpage
Drawing a view hierachy into a specific content in Cocoa
Ajax Tutorial
How to tell SVN to ignore files for all team members
List all leaf subdirectories in linux
Is there an efficiency penalty when using Scala inner functions within non-tail recursive functions?
Bottom bar in NSWindow
Affiliate programming in Magento
Is there a limit to the number of Ajax requests that can be launched on Apache
Can Excel use itself as an RDBMS?
MS Excel wildcard lookup
Call matlab functions in silverlight
Oracle Datadiff
Any difference between "current row" and "0 preceding/following" in windowing clause of Oracle analytic functions?
Update father on interceptor
Java 6 on an OSX 10.4 Mac PowerPc
Drupal: module to implement credit system
get users by group in sharepoint
Need Visual Studio macro to add banner to all C# files
Bash command to open largest file
How to override the default text in MATLAB
Project portal bombed after installing VS 2008?
how an ajax application informs guest the effect fired in server?
Preventing an duplicate ajax events in jquery
verification if a program exists from a do script.
SVN plugin for VS2008
Sharepoint: How do I move stuff between sites
What is First and Second Level caching in Hibernate?
is it possible to configure a spring session scoped bean with attribute from the session?
Spring - config apache commons email
What goes on a WebFrontend and what on the Application Server is Sharepont 2007/WSS 3.0?
How can I make Eclipse file search not include svn directories?
Drupal Views: output item fields grouped by field instead of item?
matlab write image into eps file
Drupal CCK filefield variable access
Merge 2 views in Drupal - using filters?
Qt: Printing pageRect and paperRect issues
Managed Source Control Hosting and Continuous Integration with CVSDude and CruiseControl.net
Problem with caching (maybe) when using AJAX and PHP
oracle 10gr2: enforce a escort range
WordPress displays private posts to logged-in users -- how to turn this functionality off?
How does Spring maintain singletons,prototypes... under the hood?
Need help with LINQ query and ASP.NET MVC?
Matlab crashes on library initialize when called from Java
Save entire desktop state?
Storing Data in MS Access and Querying it in Excel
Apache RequestHeaders for Software-As-a-Service under Rails
request scoped beans in spring testing
Programmatically set a specific bean object - Spring DI
on which os should i try the vs2010 beta1? which emulator is faster?
How does sharepoint recognize a file type?
On QT widgets like DoubleSpinBox or ComboBox, how do i have custom right click menu
Deserialize jSON Google AJAX Translation API
svn changelists: how to limit operations to "default" changelist?
Wordpress Custom Value If/ElseIf - Doesn't Work
How do I create a "virtual" folder in a Visual Studio 2008 project?
Selecting OSX SDK version in Eclipse and Makefiles
Writing to files in bundle?
writing bash script to read, compare, and verify external ip address. need help.
managing swing ui default font sizes without quaqua
Using Data.Heap in Haskell, or reading Haskell docs for a beginner
Free SQL Query generator tool for oracle database?
Can't log in to Magento Admin
Haskell Bad Interface File
Auto close QMessageBox
passing data around with qmimedata in qt pull and drop
Looking for a web host that can handle Haskell
how do i get each billet from an nsstring?
Using mod_rewrite to redirect 70+ URLs with variables
Ajax GET requests: use parameters or put data in URL?
Lower case "k" in Cocoa
Magento: externally get relative URL's to categories.
How to generate a function of two variables in matlab without using any loop?
Scala overriding a def with a var
My Drupal contact form menu item is not showing up
IP Address? - Cocoa
What user context do SharePoint timer jobs run under?
How to get the currently logged in user's role in wordpress?
a simple way to generate tones / sine undulation on mac? (ruby would be nice)
My Drupal secondary menu is not showing up anywhere
what is the best way to to execute code before a page is loaded
Is Haskell mature enough for developing commerical web applications?
Oracle optional relationship
Wordpress database backup
@ManyToMany Hibernate Question (can add extra field?)
Building a library with Visual Studio that can be linked to a Qt project?
MVC - Ajax form - return partial view doesnt update in <div> target
stderr redirection to stdout
How do you programatically identify a stored procedure's dependancies?
Use first post as start-page in wordpress
MATLAB: Convert two array to a sparse matrix
Magento Installation Information
How do I make my pojos transactional?
sharepoint web parting parameters mysteriously disappearing
How to relate between two classes with mongodb and spring?
How do I remove items from the Site Actions menu in SharePoint?
Excel replace value without losing formatting
problems with haskell's turn types
How can I create a GUI and react to Cocoa events programatically?
Only OnConnection fires in Visual Studio add-in
Simple page submit - vs - Ajax loader
Magento Product Import - Beyond CSV/XLS
undelete the deleted command in bash.
Complex builds in Visual Studio
host/role dependent spring configuration
Apache: return 404 errors instead of 500 errors.
Linq To Sql - ChangeConflictException not being thrown. Why?
sharepoint: how do i create a new list from a tilt template?
String Question - Cocoa
Matlab: getting "Unexpected error status flag encountered. Resetting to proper state"
delete empty cell matlab
Programmatically exclude page items in olap pivot
how to show products at magento homepage.
Call to drupal_render() returns NULL
What to do when 'svn cleanup' fails?
Why does Mac OS sometimes launch the wrong binary when I click on a .app
Syntax error : end of file unexpected (expecting "fi")
Lightbox not working in Ajax.Updater div (prototype)
How to clear the IntelliJ project index?
Drupal node_seach
Shelve in TortoiseSVN?
jQuery Post failing on production, works on local system
QtPython Qtreewidget Problem
notification of webview's survival change
2 connection per server?
Haskell, list of natural number
Scala and Lift and SessionVar that loses it contents
How to deploy my application using Qt-Creator?
How do I escape an ampersand in a javascript string so that the page will validate strict?
Cabal and zlib on OS X
Sharepoint COMException 0x81020037
Testing for a valid date in a oracle procedure's parameter
drupal menu item not active
Why is $Id$ sometimes not expanded in SVN?
SharePoint WebPart Packages and dlls
Detect which other modules are enabled in a new Drupal module
what's the least painful agency to transfer local subversion changes to another machine?
Oracle: Variable number of parameters to a stored procedure
Saving QList<T> to a file?
How do I serialize an object to file using NSKeyedArchiver in NSPropertyListXMLFormat_v1_0 format?
Is there a framewok / API I could use to export iPhone-SDK's ABRecordRef instances to vCard?
Programatically enforce capitalization in Visual Studio 2008?
Wordpress auto excerpts from post content?
How do I force Visual Studio to use an Open instance when double clicking a file?
How can I use the clojure REPL together with QT Jambi?
Spring Security Access role
QProcess::setStandardOutputFile only creates 0kb File
Run db query (sql server 2005) with ajax. Is it possible?
Cannot use Spring LDAP with Spring Security
What is the Cocoa equivalent of UpdateSystemActivity?
How to develop drupal site on local server or on test server before publishing it
Writing to an iframe from NSTextView
What are your most-recommended Visual Studio perferences?
Function names and parameters in matlab variables
how to get store information in magento?
Testing HTTPS files with MAMP
mingw spitting countless warnings about ignoring "dll import" attribute
No Runnable methods Error From Base Test class
What could cause Visual Studio / C# error MSB3105: Duplicate resources
How to create a bash script to check the SSH connection?
Having latest copy of SVN'ed files in document root
Double Quotes in Oracle Column Aliases
oracle sql interrogation (analytics?)
Please specify the product's option(s) in Magento.
Find all PPC libraries, binaries and applications in Snow Leopard
How to create a function with vectors and vertical asymptote using MATLAB
Disabling StyleCop rules
What version of TinyMCE will work in Drupal 5 with google chrome?
how do i lean all repositories with the svnparentpath directive on apache+svn?
Two or more tinymce editors.
Reading directories in matlab
Hibernate: More than one relationship using the same join column
Dynamic LINQ and Dynamic Lambda expressions?
How do I stop search engines indexing a maintenance page
Apache Internal Server Error without log entry
when should i use package and when objective in scala?
any way to check in a file or add a file to SVN repository without a SVN client?
How to simulate a low level keypress on os x?
Drupal: displaying a language switcher only when the content is translated
Continuation monad "interface"
bum or subversion?
COM Automation / Running Excel Macros
drupal: extra blog ticket showing in block
Overriding Scala Enumeration Value
Excel VBA copy XL-2007 Macro-Enabled Workbook as excel-2003 file with no macros
Spring can't see my imported classes
Haskell: Functions that sometimes return a function
how do i access the data passed back from a workflow connexion form?
are there any commands that are usually used for comparing time in bash shell script?
Different views with Spring's SimpleFormController
my drupal contact form menu token is not showing up
Subversion Error: "Working copy [directory] not locked"
Problem computing a summation in matlab, seems so simple but i can't get it...
scala: list.flatten: no implicit argument matching parameter type (Any) = > Iterable[Any] was found
ajax :populating 2 drop down corner via ajax using value of the third one
Spring @Transactional Annotation Best Practice
BDC Paging
How do I configure Apache to forward some URLs to two resin containers?
QSlider focus issue (Mac Leopard) with QApplication::focusChanged(QWidget*,QWidget*)
Scala Type Failure in 2.7: is there a workaround?
How to produce range with step n in bash?
image uploading using MultiPart
spring mint validation
data disappear after Item Update in Sharepoint with Office 2007 documents
Triangulation & Direct linear transform
how should i specify the character of json-like unstructured data in scala?
ajax-ish updating of a canvas ingredient
Any way to run a macro (in an open VS instance) from the command line?
Reading a text file in MATLAB line by line
oracle sql - parsing a name string and converting it to first initial & last figure
Ceiling function in SharePoint CAML query
hibernate: Is this mapping allowed?
How to do an http get in cocoa on the iPhone
What should be done to have 'Value' in the enumeration ?
hibernate/nhibernate function file editor
Sharepoint OnWorkflowItemChanged before/after properties lists
Core Animation - Sheet-like Window Sliding
Apache mod_rewrite %2B and plus (+) signs...
How can I get rid of dynamic SQL
Adding a framework in XCode
rename oracle board or view
Hibernate, insert or update without select.
How can I use jQuery AJAX to update my Gridview?
display author URL in single
Best Spring/Hibernate configuration for never changing tables
Is this implementation correct?
My products categories have (meta)data - Use taxonomies or implement them as content items?
Where to start with source-control
LINQ Error Invalid Column Name on Group by sum.
How to replace gif logo with flash logo in magento?
How to Build WP Site with Hierarchical Content and Using Custom Design?
how do i add contentedness from a view in drupal with arguments?
Haskell execution sequence
Joining other tables in oracle tree queries
What are the best features of Scala?
add column that browses on a sharepoint content type
Spring + Tiles2 + Freemarker - integrate via Freemarker Servlet or via Spring's FreeMarkerViewResolver?
How do you set up drupal menues?
SharePoint Search on default Masterpage
Matlab multiplication of 2 vectors error
oracle detection escort of daylight savings change
finding apache build options
How to list source versions using subversion
Drupal: Views Grouping Issue
Visual Studio/C++: How to turn off certain first-chance exception debug messages?
Magento Template Variables
Multiple calendars on wordpress highlighting only specific categories
Can MS Visual Studio compile projects using 2 or 4 cores on CPU?
how do i set a friendly figure for sharepoint custom property enums?
What open source Cocoa/Cocoa Touch Frameworks are out there?
linq to sql truncating string returned by stored function
What do you use (free) to format C# code?
How to disable the "auto format" feature of VisualStudio2008 editor?
How do I view all ignored patterns set with svn:ignore recursively in an svn repository?
bash: getting standard program for file case
LINQ query operator for log table
So I compiled something with maven, now what do I do with it?
$op variable for form_alter
Creating relationships between posts in WordPress
How do I insert sysdate into a column using ODP and an XML dataset?
What are all the instances of syntactic sugar in Scala?
Why is Clojure much faster than Scala on a recursive add function?
Matlab converting a vector values to uint32
In Scala, why can't I partially apply a function without explicitly specifying its argument types?
Ajax post via https from an http page
checking for node-edit modality in page.tpl.php
How can an Excel Add-In respond to events in any worksheet?
custom color settings in vs.net editor for current note when in debug fashion
ajax 5 json "cross demesne built-in security" question
is the + in += on a Map a prefix operator of =?
Why is Excel VBA giving me an error for a dynamic Range?
Parser combinator not terminating - how to log what is going on?
I want to allocate memory for 700 MB to 800 MB Image size
How to programatically get current battery level with COCOA
Ajax - How to change URL by content
Drupal theme_table... A way to theme nested tables?
how to maintain gimmick aspect ratio in qt?
How to use aryule() in Matlab to extend a number series?
How to fire code upon creation of a SharePoint list?
magento: catalog varlet 1 different from other pages
how can i usage cocoa's approachability api to detect that a window is brought to front?
Magento 1.3 - Image upload issues with Flash
Do I have to duplicate the Virtualhost directives for port 80 and 443?
how to handle authentication through ajax with a java web app that uses pattern based login
Sql Import wizard imports 1022868890 as 1.02287e+009
Auto Refresh Wordpress Post Div
osx change file encoding (iconv) recursive
apache, locationmatch: mate query string
c deal overflow on project euler problem 27
Running subversion under apache
Visual Studio open files question
How do you include a JavaScript file from within a SharePoint WebPart?
logging time using httpd.conf
AJAX problems in WebKit browsers
How to make warnings persist in visual studio
SVN externals sub folder changes not showing in view log (tortoise svn)
spring transitive dependance injection
how templates work on wordpress?
Why is the recursion idiom in Haskell "'n+1' and 'n'" and not "'n' and 'n-1'"?
what is the best way to back up an SVN server for all the code and content?
scala "error: io error while decoding" "with utf-8"
Attributes on Many-to-Many relationships (Hibernate)
Magento search is not working
round time to nearest 15min separation in excel
How to set session variable skip_unusable_indexes to true in a PL/SQL package to speed up a table delete/insert?
linking to a dynamic library on a mackintosh with full path
Retrieving the associated shared service provider's name?
VB.NET COM Server implementing Excel UDF not callable with optional Excel.Range
How to cache a collection in Magento?
SharePoint 2007 Approval Workflow - Any other person can approve requirement
Spring + Hibernate - multiple databases
Invoking methods in QThread's context
How to efficiently replace a vector of ids by a vector of corresponding numerical values
lock blind by api in mac os x
Integrating Spring + Hibernate + Sql server with unicode support
manually finding the size of a block of text
Persist collection fields with hibernate
how do i watch a serial embrasure with qsocketnotifier (linux)?
Keyboard fails in IE8 after AJAX call
What does the `forall` keyword in Haskell/GHC do?
hibernate not reflecting modification
How can I maintain history of a file that is moved to a directory overwriting a file of the same name
how to write a pl/sql code block that prints out contents of cursor that is out parameter from stored proc
How do you configure Apache on Windows for SSL?
Arabic Digits in Wordpress
Taking advantage of Hibernate lazy loading?
Scala lift framework, ajax form that submits multiple values?
Using Git in a Company?
Sporadic errSecAuthFailed (-25293) when accessing KeyChain with SecKeychainFindGenericPassword?
Gems not found with Passenger in conservative spawn mode on Mac OS X
How to generate getters and setters in Visual Studio?
Hibernate with Tomcat vs Hibernate with JBoss
Crazy haskell indentation
how do i implement such an invertible mapping for bender using matlab?
Convert PDF to JPG automatically on upload in Drupal
haskell: faster summation
Refactor to replace AjaxControlToolkit or RadAjaxManager
Which Haskell package contains a function most similar to MATLAB's "fsolve"?
Group by month with criteria in Hibernate
How to apply moving windows to a 2D matrix in MATLAB?
SVN externals change source to target directory
How would you set up an Subversion repository for in house software projects
How do you get server blocks <% %> to format well in Visual Studio?
Open and read Excel from a Linux based C program?
Is it possible to test the return value of Haskell I/O functions?
Setting up a one-time installer using Apple's PackageMaker
Saving a document to SharePoint brings up "Web File Properties" dialog with incorrect metadata
get catagory attribute in frontend
objective coke makes integer from pointer without a cast passing objective as args
what's the best php / mysql ape
Temporary operation in a temporary directory in shell script
What's the difference between $(...) and `...`
Visual c++ 2008: how to have global settings defined in a solution
Error connecting to Oracle from Visual Studio
Backup and Restore SSP on MOSS 2007 fails due to missing .mdf files
scala generic subroutine values ( anonymous function ) - missing parameter type ( error )
Run an OS X universal binary in 32-bit mode
on string creation for queries in hibernate and whether those queries would reduce object cosmos if they were final static
SSI escape HTML output
Spring Hello World setup and code in eclipse
Visual Studio 2008 Fatal Execution Engine Error (7A2E0F92)
QSqlQuery with International chars does not return a result
Undo SVN delete ./* --force
How would you make a text cell in a an Outline View show how many children the parent row has?
linq conflict detection: setting updatecheck dimension
a view accountant that can be instantiated both programatically and in ib?
Protect all Worksheet in an Excel Workbook
subversion tagging and certificate
Apache 2 Sites-Available Configuration
Linq: recursively get children
Custom SharePoint feature in multiple scopes in document library - shows up as duplicates
Applying a function to an arbitrarily long list of arguments
how to configure condition on macosx with color
how to find the perpetrator module or script on huge apache/php resident memory usage ?
Bash insert a comma (,) after every third field of a variable or array?
gist qgraphicsview in widget
Is it necessary in any circumstance to modify Wordpress other than writing plugins and themes?
best method to peek into a scala actor's postbox
magento custom option moment for products problem
Programmatically block screen saver in Mac OSX
Easy Way to Find Images Used in a Wordpress Post?
Limiting Size of HTTP POST Requests
magento - change "catalog comment type for store owner"
How can I sell a profile on magento?
How do you configure VS2008 to only open one webserver in a solution with multiple projects?
[Haskell] Space Leak
Excel file with multiple sheets from SSRS Reports
Linq | Date | Subtraction with matching issue
What to look out for when moving from Visual Studio 2005 to 2008?
Add codebase as reference instead of copy Visual Studio
iPhone subview design (UIView vs UIViewController)
how do i test if a natation point number is an integer in haskell?
Qt QTabWidget icon problem
How do I know which files in a directory arn't in my SVN repository?
Hosted subversion recommendations or suggestions
Hinky Oracle Connection (TNSNAMES.ora Help)
Ajax project suggestion.
Nested If Statements Returning zero if nothing entered in cell.
Output library project XML to asp.net bin folder on build?
Why does Cocoa returns an empty string occasionally?
How to determine how much free space on a drive in Qt?
How can I set a "hidden" attribute for text inside NSAttributedString?
best way to select out of millions of quarrel in an oracle db
mac look n feel on other platforms?
Does a newly produced mac application need to support 10.4, and can I both support 10.4 and prepare for 64bit?
Do you use the branches/tags/trunk convention?
How to get the first line of a file in a bash script?
Custom post metabox with upload file button
how to change the title saloon text of visual studio
Loose coupling among objects within oracle schema
bash: how to change the basename only of a list of files
hyperlink to a tabloid in excel
Detecting program errors in bash scripts?
Hibernate Criteria API - HAVING clause work arounds
is it possible to use QtConcurrent::run() with a function member of a class
Writing applications with Scala actors in practice II
Mac Console paste generating trash text
Should "to-many" relationships be modelled as properties?
can you modify text file when committing to subversion?
Personal Version Controller
Rewrite Url with apache2
Clone a Table's definition with Hibernate (hbm2ddl)
Automatically sorting on insert in QTreeWidget
insert 2 table in single query in linq
Delet files from SVN in Visual Studio
Are there such things as variables within an Excel formula?
Inserting a generated value into a Hibernate record
drupal cck area type with complex fapi child fields
Is is possible to capture the type parameter of a trait using Manifests in Scala 2.7.7?
Drupal node?destination not working
On MAC O.S., how to get the name of files that has been dropped onto apple script to boot JAR with the name of file as a argument to JAR
trait implementation
Compare integer in bash, unary operator expected
Hibernate 2nd level cache objects that are lazy=false, result in a default fetch=join, is it documented anywhere?
Reorganize folders with a script
What is the optimal VSTF source structure? Are there any best practices?
oracle initiation error are not captured while using adodb
Arrow keys with NSTableView
tool to view the contentedness of the solution user options file (.suo)
Why do processes spawned by cron end up defunct?
Apply Transaction Management Spring
SharePoint Designer for Mac?
adding #ifndef #define #endif breaks the compile
Excel VBA merge multiple columns into one on separate rows
paypal order cancelling automatically in magento
DefaultAnnotationHandlerMapping via ContextLoaderListener instead of DispatcherServlet on Spring 3
Drupal: add contact form as field to user profile
How would you give an Outline View alternating row colors?
Magento - extending the Mage_Catalog_Model_Resource_Eav_Mysql4_Product_Collection class
how can you admission svn over http in a windows environment?
Scala: Why are Actors lightweight?
DAO, Spring, Hibernate, Jboss
Advantages to adding Spring to Flex
how to connect my give + hibernate based covering backend with pure html and ajax based client?
Case-insensitive KVC in Cocoa?
setting focussing on qlineedit while showing the qlistview view
What is the minimum amount of tweaking needed to get QClipboard::setText() to work under X11?
No suitable MySQL driver found for JBoss application
Why Option[T] ?
Visual Studio 2005/2008: How to keep first curly brace on same line?
how can i programatically add effigy to a drupal node?
Wordpress Blog error
Run a method on all objects within a collection
Visual Studio: How to break on handled exceptions?
socket "read" hanging if the MacBook sleeps more than 10 minutes
when updating a whole project's root, how to exclude svn externals from being updated?
Get IP address of arriving data package
upsells in custom Magento template
How do you clear your MRU list in Visual Studio?
How can I create a 'source list' on Mac OS X?
Which Oracle version supports cube and rollup?
difference between svn and svn+ssh on a windows svn server?
lawsuit classes vs enumerations in scala
Matlab object array method dispatching
Retrieving names of over-ridden theme hooks in views 2 (Drupal 6)
Spring initialization order
Scala immutable SortedSet are not "stable" on deletion
how does  compare two different type of objects in scala?
acl architechture for a package as a service in sprgin 3.0
Proper way to make a fat binary prefer to be 32bit on 64bit OS X 10.6?
Obtain a CGContextRef of NSView outside of drawRect ?
Using Qt in a pre-existing x-platform project?
Offsite backup from a timemachine capsule
NHibernate using single configuration file to connect to multiple dbs
web servicing being called twice with jquery ajax function
Sharepoint ItemStyle.xsl for CQWP using images from a content type
Encoding Keyboard Command Onto Bash Script
Scala equivalent to Haskell's where-clauses?
Drupal - open node body in new window
e-mail check regular reflection with bash script
How do you sanitize an input in wordpress
Matlab: How to get the current mouse position on a click by using callbacks
Problems in installation of magento on wamp
Oracle merge partition from procedure giving error
How can I pass the output of a command as a compiler flag through a Qt project file?
Does ClearCase fit our development process?
what is the best room to package and distribute an excel application.
What class should I inherit to create a database integration test in case of Spring?
How to force QDateTime::fromString to read UTC time.
How should I organize implicits in my Scala application?
How to make Wordpress plugin first plugin to be run?
Weird Qt bug (to do with properties editor)
Boolean Expressions in Shell Scripts
Magento : call a variable from customerâ€™s shipping address in Onepage checkout, step 3 shipping method
Correct Bash and shell script variable capitalization
drupal theme preprocess function - primary linkup
Is it possible to forward ssh requests that come in over a certain port to another machine?
breaking up a large hibernate category
add a drupal menu item with a hard coded track to a view that accepts arguments?
Proper way to move files to tags from trunk using svn?
any idea why qhash and qmap return const t instead of const t& ?
bash if -a vs -e option
sharepoint 2007 log witness
PHP return empty json string
Optional attribute values in MappedField
CAML query to add a ListItem in Sharepoint
debuging "register_activation_hook" in wordpress
How to count rows in Lift (Scala's web framework)
how do i fix an oracle table/index row counting mismatch
Is there a method to generate a standard 128bit GUID on the Mac?
maximize frame on startup  in wxHaskell
Dealing with SVN keyword expansion with git-svn
drupal multi-language: simple twine not translated
How to do joins in LINQ on multiple fields in single join
Discrepancies between â€œMockâ€ Database and â€œRealâ€ database behaviours.
LINQ ERROR : Explicit construction of entity type
Unable to turn off automatic margins by termcap in Mac
should my scala actors' prop be marked @volatile?
How WP-o-Matic works and how to do the same using ASP.Net?
What is the best way to separate UI (designer/editor) logic from the Package framework (like Visual Studio Package)
Oracle PL/SQL: Loop Over Trigger Columns Dynamically
What is your experience with Oracle's result caching feature?
Slow to start after upgraded to Spring 3
Control size of report Using Report Viewer for SSRS in WSS
Short Circuiting sort
How can I use JavaScript within an Excel macro?
drupal 6: how to email users of tasks due (week b4, day before, and overdue)
[Spring] Using beans from other modules?
difference between print and print preview case in excel vba
Drupal: How do I modify my menu items' classnames?
Grab Information from "QWidget"
How to debug ORA-01775: looping chain of synonyms?
How to Perform a Bulk Product/Category/Sub Category Import With Magento?
Left outer join fetch doesn't fill map collection properly (HQL)
magento 1.4 paypal hemipteran
installing additional apache modules
Converting from subarray coordinates to array coordinates
bash/cygwin/$path: do i really have to reboot to alter $path?
GroupBy with linq method syntax (not query syntax)
How do I store the window size between sessions in Qt?
Using Wordpress as more than just a blog?
joining table in linq/sql
count(*) in hibernate criteria ?
What is the difference between Explicit and inplicit cursors in Oracle?
magento: extending customer account comptroller to add actions to the forgot password steps
lambda manifestation of select * from tablename
Why do some page requests hang when fetching image assets using Safari and Apache 2.2.3?
Using imtophat in Matlab
What do I need to re-build my web server?
Hibernate on Oracle: mapping String property to CLOB column
Cocoa Base 64 Implementation for REST Auth
Generic object load function for scala
Private Video using YouTube API - Drupal
Qt stylesheets: QHeaderView draws header text in bold when view data is selected
Removing custom widget from QVBoxLayout
why is Ajax.Autocompleter setting the style for the div container for the results to display:none ?
building optimized qt4 - "./configure" pin and their meanings
Generate vector EMF/WMF (Windows Metafile) clipboard content from Qt 4.5
how to  find and clean wordpress from script/s that changes your blog posts titles on Google and yahoo with embarrassing "Vigra  text"?
bash: filter away consecutive lines from text file
Setting the TabIndex property of many form controls in Visual Studio?
How to define a custom exception in Haskell?
Bash Case menu - dynamic choices
What are the details behind the way Wordpress stores user authentication data?
How do typeclasses and modules interact?
cancel hibernate query
settabchangesfocus(bool) has no gist qt
How do I bind the enabled binding of a button to whether or not an NSArrayController has a selection?
Scroll bars in NSTokenField
is there any agency to only update added files?
finding the best trade-off point on a curve
Hibernate polymorphic query
Scala: How can I implement a clone method on a superclass, and use it in a subclass?
Sorting Featured Posts (Wordpress)
Help with excel automation addin
what are  current_user_can () function parameters ?
limit associated entities loaded through a hibernate touchstone
Excel Range Format: Number is automatically formatted when Range::Value2 is set
Loading Properties with Spring (via System Properties)
Present tabular data on webpage so the user can directly copy it into Excel.
Use Apache behind Proxy
web service being called twice with jquery ajax function
Visual Studio reference x64 GAC
Typecast each object in an array on a single line of code, using LINQ
how to pass string array from C/C++ dll to vba (Excel)
Magento Custom Options VS Attributes
Which wordpress forum plugin is best to use for a corporate site?
Shorten delay when hovering over auto-hide panel / toolbars in Visual Studio '08
How scala generic constraints to nullable types work
Mac OS X: Can one process render to another process's window?
Magento - Not able to display tier pricing in product view
Overloading on return type ???
Bash shell scripting - csv parsing
how to post origin code inside a wordpress blog post
How to elegantly ignore some return values of a Matlab function?
Can I execute a LINQ to SQL query from within a LINQ object?
Mimicking SQL Insert Trigger with LINQ-to-SQL
writing k word 2007 xml
OSX php.ini memory limits
sharepoint form library: programmatically or stsadm bidding to change content type to custom form template
What plugin would you really like to have for Visual Studio 2005/2008
Q about AbstractApplicationContext.getBeansOfType() and getBean()
How .NET 3.5 (lambdas, Linq) evolved
How do I get rid of the unknown property name errors in Visual Studio?
Cocoa NSNumberFormatterCurrencyStyle without "$" return zero
Oracle Forms/Applications in Internet Explorer 8 using JInitator
Hibernate: load a field from a query , but don't insert it to the table
Eclipse "Share Project" by hand?
Drupal PHP pages without having a DB Query?
what does equality to a range mean in excel macros?
one executable that starts as gui application or console application based on command parentage in vs2005
Addiing captions above images in wordpress
getQuote function magento
One Sharepoint Feature or many inter dependant ones
Is it possible to have a QWidget as a child to a QObject?
Concurrency with Linq To Sql Stored Procedures
Linq vs. database views
How do I suppress the 'Returning cached instance of singleton bean' logging message in Spring/Java?
Encoding string arguments for URLs
WordPress Code Snippet Help
Scala giving me "illegal start of definition"
Case senstive validation in Excel from Named List
Oracle database allows invalid time portion of datetime column values under what circumstances?
Spring Framework Events
WordPress Media URL conflicts with Page URL
Moving a non-core theme from /themes to /sites/default/themes safely in Drupal 6.14
Magento products will not show in category
PHP/ Ajax/ jQuery - Equivalent for my code please!
Spring Transitive Dependency Injection
why the sql query is different on that linq query when run on c# and on vb.net?
hibernate mapping collection by pillar
moss 2007: splistitem.getformattedvalue for datetime area has a bug?
Migrating a Character Based Oracle Form
Scala: Exposing a JDBC ResultSet through a generator (iterable)
with vsto and excel more and more trying to incorporate visual studio and C#, is VBA dead ??
Compact matlab matrix indexing notation
Changing Excel 2000 pivot chart unit
Drupal view rows output
Magento: Display # of pages in category list page
How to rollover the standard output from bash?
Visual Studio opens Development Servers for all websites in my project
Running PHP without extension without using mod_rewrite?
DRUPAL, Views module: can I dynamically change the number of columns of my grid ?
In Visual Studio, my design view doesn't load the master page controls. Why?
stm monad problem
how do i move tag in subversion
LINQ Conditional Group
How to search an expression in a file from a bash script?
Synchronizing code with two subversion repositories
Tools for Ajax load testing
show last 5 posts that have <!--more-->
How to solve 404 not found problem in Magento
Admin now missing from Authors dropdown
SharePoint WebPart Permissions
Drupal Aggregator input format
Error when converting XML from a CLOB column to XMLType colum
Sharepoint and multiple workflows
best practices for handling a web avail failure
How do you call a function defined in .bashrc from the shell?
oracle command-line prick on linux
if statement error bash
QStackedWidget inside QTabWidget tab?
Variable quantity columns report
multiple security:custom-authentication-provider
How do I write a constant-space length function in Haskell?
Cocoa color indicator bling?
Best Resources for creating custom wordpress backends (advanced theme design)
How would you make a status item's title be an image not text?
Load SWF inside NSView
Catching Control-C exception in GHC (Haskell)
pro and cons of linq (language-integrated query)
Scala for Junior Programmers?
Magento - Using alternative "reviews count" on category list page
Magento vs. CodeIgniter and writing from scratch
Handling transactions spanning across database servers
mailto link sharepoint desgner
How to have AJAX trigger the browser's loading
Plot overlaps in matlab
BASH copy all files expect one.
Running a script when a Mac package is executed
"microsoft visual c# intellisense has stopped working" in undertaking referencing f#
Magento: Getting Product Url's for Products within a Grouped Product
How to find the culprit module or script on huge Apache/PHP resident memory usage ?
SVN Syncing with Eclipse IDE 3.5.0
WebPart security
Returning a decyphered string as part of tuple in Haskell
Showing magento new product like standard category
Should I have 1 or many repositories?
Wordpress - need different number of posts on page 1 versus page 2 of category
Drupal no www. linking
Can I have nodereferences with thumbnails in Drupal?
Hibernate query by example (from Spring 3)
An error with Haskell classes I fall all the time and can't understand
What are the 3 dimensions of a RHB image in MatLab?
make AppleScript program that listens systemwide for shortcuts
How to delete all WordPress authors who never posted?
Qt + VTK + Cmake
playscript to recursively delete cvs directory on server
General Oracle Results Table
Magento - Modify and have different set of fields and labels for cart and checkout screens
In GHC, is there a way to print the exports of module?
Multiline Matching in Haskell Posix
Getting a collection of index values using a LINQ query
Excel, 2 sheets, 2 columns, same value?
How to Create a Downloadable Product through Magento API?
Properly implement a webpart with postback?
Problem with drawing focus frame in Qt
Run javascript without UIWebView possible?
How to make part of an NSSlider stop at tick marks?
how to use server incline includes in magento description?
OS X - terminal - $PATH and ${PATH}
Wordpress Inline Images - Does it ignore the right margin values?
How do i display non-validation errors in jsp with spring webflow
plotting matworks logo and heartshape
ajax php variables in javascript
Merging/union two classes into one in Haskell
Launch Apache 2.2 on static IP
Haskell types frustrating a simple 'average' function
Apache + SSL Error 336027900
oracle all foreign key credit
Magento loadByAttribute fails on question marks
Using $@ properly (BASH)
Increase JVM heap size for Scala?
subversion vender branches
Drupal field values and longtext
Using Kate with Simple Build Tool (SBT)
Does an index on a unique field in a table allow a select count(*) to happen instantly?  If not why not?
Scala closures on wikipedia
Oracle: Altering JOB_QUEUE_PROCESSES question
'Magical' QTextEdit size
How hard is it to get a cocoa application to run on windows?
loopless function calls on vector/matrix members in matlab/octave
Integrating JCaptcha with Spring Security
excel data same row
interoperation between mercurial and corruption
Error when logging to Magento connect manager
Is there a recommended number of lines of code per file?
Slow "Find All References" in Visual Studio
"Go To Definition" in Visual Studio only brings up the Metadata
Magento custom attribute default value not showing in front end
Focus-follows-mouse (plus auto-raise) in Mac OSX.
Making an NSTextField act like a "microwave timer", store as NSNumber
How to get the PID of a process that is piped to another process in Bash?
iterate through each cell in an n-dimensional matrix in MATLAB
inyect a mockups to a bean that has @autowired annotations
multiple calls with simple modal osx style duologue
ASP.net Modal Pop up extender and DropDownlist autopostback
How do I create a linq query that gets everything but a specific value
SVN Error - Not a working copy
Ajax request parametors, what am I doign wrong?
Microsoft Sharepoint
Finding Ajax Post URL Without Access to Source
Handling Error on Insert PlayFramework 2.0 Scala
search multiple php files, and replace text ?
Why it is allowed to point to constructors parameters?
Is QImage able to open and render pure 16-bit images?
how do i get the next item in a subset of an ordered mesa using linq?
Will an svn:external subdirectory sync with its HEAD revision upon every 'svn update' to the parent working copy?
Web based Report Designer Spring/Hibernate
How to update SharePoint Content Type?
hibernate onetomany listing ordering persisting but reversing?!
Compartment items not displayed in DSL diagram
Treat '0',"-1" as Null
Field comparison in excel sheet
GET vs. POST ajax requests: When and how to use either?
System.Net.WebClient request gets 403 Forbidden but browsers do not with Apache servers
Aside from the Addins folder, where (and how) do VS add-ins get deployed?
Implement ManualResetEvent and AutoResetEvent
What is keyboard shortcut to view all open documents in Visual Studio 2008
Drupal: How to return only content and not the whole layout?
In Magento, how can I organize products from different categories under a parent entity which in turn has it's own attributes?
How to get hibernate-entitymanager to work with JTA out of JBoss?
Conversion SQL to LINQ
Scala, repeat a finite list infinitely
on os x, seperating a gui into multiple nib file and nsview subclasses
error wordpress, adjusted sidebar.php to show latest 10 posts
Command line subversion client for Windows Vista 64bits
apache loading queue job
Doing an AJAX request to a website that might be up, or might be down
How do I (should I?) use Apache POI HWPFDocument?
Qt HTTP authentication with QNetworkAccessManager
How to talk to Sharepoint: If I only got Full Name
Magento Ajax - How to get only body part?
Oracle User Management
Magento - Buy 2 items get % discount
Haskell type error: Could not deduce (Show a) arising from a use of `show' from the context (Num a)
Dynamically set the DefaultValue of a ParameterBinding in a DataFormWebPart
Permissions problems with Excel Services in SharePoint
v 2005 toolbox messed up
Is there an easy way to get the Scala REPL to reload a class or package?
Haskell Type Error
Refreshing a Table Column via Ajax
Apache Download: Make sure that page was viewed before download
using excel to display the number of occurrences within a escort range
How do you code up a pattern matching block in scala?
How to plot in circle instead of straight line axis in Matlab?
svn merge functionality broken by tree conflicts
wordpress not properly functioning anymore after moving it to another domain
motorcar number column in sharepoint list
In Qt, how to show keyboard shortcuts in menu but disable them?
Override SPList.WriteSecurity behaviour?
What do you recommend for setting up a shared server with php
Multiple servers checking and writing flag in database
cannot connect to X server :0.0 qt
MATLAB - load file whose filename is stored in a string
Center block element in element
Drupal: Different output for first item in a block
Proxy pass to multiple upstreams
Possible to output to .doc format using Qt?
How to use AJAX in DRUPAL
Excel: list ranges targeted by INDIRECT formulas
Read a specific Element Value based on a specific Attribute in Linq?
java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError: Native Library {____.dll} already loaded in another classloader
Convert a List of Options to an Option of List using Scalaz
How to fetch hibernate query result as associative array of list or hashmap
hibernate ignores fetch="join" on a collection when navigating the object tree with iterator
Entity intercepted when a collection element updated
Do you strip header files when shipping frameworks with your OSX application?
Warning: Ignoring excess mask dialog entries in:
add more admin and allow permission in magento website
How do I turn off Oracle password expiration?
how to make enquiry on a property from a joined table in hibernate using criteria
Read XLS file from VB6
haskel parsec term seperator question
Oracle Date Rounding
Need help with a linq query please!
Is there a convention for naming 'private functions' in bash?
Linq Methods
How to use separat block caches for secure and unsecure shop access in Magento?
DataGridView/ListView - Display in an Outlook style?
why the valid looking assertion gives error in matlab?
Bash (Mac): edit file and some if commands.
How to delete a record in linq
Logging facilities and qt
Cannot get bean from flowScope
LINQ to Entity Duplicate Record Issue
matlab: why 24.0000 is not equal to 24.0000 ?!!!
sql server neophyte needs help
Using Magento with a simple one-product site
matlab's fortran's format equivalents
hibernate @generatedvalue correct?
Drupal: installing it in a subfolder...
How can I use Excel for project management?
Having a CGI script catch all requests to a domain with Apache.
noClassDefFound error using Scala Plugin for Eclipse
Scala: How to get class of mixin composition?
Blocking specific extensions in htaccess
How to pipe stderr, and not stdout?
tortoise svn move dictation fails
Matlab's Garbage Collector
Is there a tool to alphabetize CSS definitions in Visual Studio?
Wordpress: How to compare 2 float values in meta_value column?
Wordpress - Skip category page if only one post in category
Undefined symbol _main when trying to build logstalgia on mac
Best way to save extra data for user in Drupal 6
How to get around a 'NS_ERROR_ILLEGAL_VALUE' error using Ajax?
Doing a binary search on some elements in Haskell
Monochromatic colors in Matlab
what does ialertnotifyhandler's onnotification() recurrence value do?
Magento search not returning expected results
- (void) processimage:(char *)image; ---char* causes a memory leak?
how do i set selection to naught when programming excel using vba?
Generic htaccess redirect www to non-www
What are stackable modifications?
Using a Drupal variable in SQL query
Change File Save Location
Where is the Content Source Name in the SSP Search Database
Scala script to copy files
How do I get a full Magento session in an external script? (Specifically, Catalog Rules)
multiple grouping, inner joning in Linq
LINQ, iterators, selecting and projection
Add a function to OnLoad in Drupal
How do I sort my code in Visual Studio 2008?
Hibernate with relations
Hibernate ID Generator
How do i set up an additional RSS feed on Wordpress?
Best json parser for qt?
Is there syntactic sugar for binding a value inside an anonymous function in Scala?
Conditional LINQ where statement?
How to call a long-running external program from Excel / VBA
generic wildcards in variable annunciation in scala
Can I configure VisualStudio 2008 to always build the startup project?
Drupal newbie question
Thread monitoring for scala actors
Developers with VS 2005 and VS 2008 working on the same project(s)
Count rows until the sum value of the rows is greater than a value
How do we verify elements existence by id in SharePoint lists?
checking if function is a part of/which toolbox
Spring Security OpenID - Unable to Process claimed identity "null"
setting variable in header.php but not seen in footer.php
Getting started with Oracle application development
Read Excel using LINQ
hibernate deletion problem please help urgent
Missing label on Drupal 5 CCK single on/off checkbox
AJAX VS JSon "Cross Domain Built-in Security" Question
spring parent and child imagination
Linq Sub-Select
HQL Query using group by
What is the linq query that would replace my two foreach
run a same haskell application take diff time
No Magento Header & Custom Navigation
Apache + mod_lisp + clisp
Pipe Java to Grep: Why not working?
Using Sub-Types And Return Types in Scala to Process a Generic Object Into a Specific One
Excel VBA: force refresh of "last" cell of the worksheet
inherit existing network percentage and override methods
replacing Matlab with python
What does a pipe in a class definition mean?
WordPress SQL Query on Category/Terms
Visual Studio plug-in that mimics eclipse environment
oracle associative array type is not able to use in using statement (if type is declared within package)
unable to launch the asp.net exploitation server because port '1900' is in use.
magento - Allow Countries - What does this mean?
excel workbook isolated storage
How do I embed a binary executable (to be executed at runtime) in a QT program?
Has anyone here worked on KOFAX-SharePoint 2007 integration?
what is the simplest way to allow a user to drag and drop board rows in order to change their order?
Disable MOSS auto import of colleagues
Problem with y-axis in Matlab Diagram
QLineEdit: how to handle up and down arrows?
Getting the Local AppData folder in Haskell
Haskell: Can I use a where clause after a bloc with bind operators (>>=)?
Magento Custom Module How to store variable in config.xml
How to make this code more functional ?
Determining and arranging items on lenght  in IEnumerable<T>
Evaluating parsed expression in Haskell
Developing Google Gadget on a Mac
Bash TAB-completion inside double-quoted string
msvcp80.dll not found while using TBB
Visual studio - is there a way to select multiple files and wrap a namespace around each of them?
apache and mod_rewrite: redirect arena to subdirectory
Expanding mySQL query to include more content
PCSC-Lite Codes on Windows
best way to write a-> ..->[a] recursive functions in haskell
Process XML returned via Ajax with E4X?
Excel: auto-format time (without date)
how to set a menubar icon on mac osx using wx
Excel merge and formatting
why does -[nstextstorage replacecharactersinrange: withattributedstring:] sometimes, sometimes not honor baptistry in other case sets?
Can I add a new folder to a TFS repository server-side without using a local working copy?
Continuous Integration
Qt: Expand ~ to home-directory
in Magento, How to make a payment method that sends POST variables to an external url?
Scala collection type for filter
in wordpress, .php files within the theme booklet do not run, but return 404 erroneousness
what is d2k in oracle
[Haskell] Set of an Unordered Data Type with a given ordering
Visual Studio 2008 "randomly" hangs on test run
Hibernate Performance Tweaks
excel: cannot delete pesky fall down from sheet
svn+ssh with putty session, not working in cygwin
Add references to project when control dropped from Visual Studio 2008 toolbox
How should SharePoint developers work with the graphics designer on their projects?
Wordpress - Create a splash screen without affecting search engine results
MATLAB functions in C++
Best Way To Get Started With Mac Development
wordpress usage value if/elseif - doesn't work
Ribbon UI for Visual Studio 2010 or beyond?
using bang to fix maildir mtimes problem
Predicting Oracle Table Growth
ajax calendar hours and minutes
Global Variables in Cocoa/Objective-C?
Rename Oracle Table or View
Check signature of OSX bundle before load
what code snip editor do you use?
Matlab: convert function to simulink block
Solving Algebraic Equations Programatically
Exemplary Haskell Game Code
Convert Spring Batch from 1.1.3 to 2.0.0
Windows to Mac transformation
How to make ajax call from drupal pager
Apache error log - file does not exist
What do I put in the config.xml file to override linkAction in Downloadable (Magento controller)?
In Haskell, I want to read a file and then write to it.  Do I need strictness annotation?
Drupal import Tweets from Twitter as Nodes
Issue persisting long strings with Hibernate
shell prompt ancestry wrapping issue
Usng enum in drupal
Internal scala compilation. Working with interactive.Global
replace macports dependency with other software
How to google for spring 3.0 documentation?
Visual Studio ">of" command causes solution explorer to go wacky
Race condition when calling FSDeleteObject
hibernate: foreign tonality has the wrong issue of columns
QGraphicsItem unselect redraw problem
Magento google checkout integration issue 404
problem related to stucture and non structure in matlab
What is a good C++ editor for Mac OS X?
Book / tutorial / reference on Haskell for rusty Haskell but experienced functional programmer
Hibernate Query Hints for JPA
Set parent's status bar text?
common drill for higher-order-polymorphism in scala
Rails page caching with Apache and capistrano
Magento connect stuck while installing
How to do something like this in Scala?
embedding an excel document in an intranet browser, and navigate to a worksheet
Adding a Custom Form Element to an Adminhtml Form
subversion management prick
What is the hot key for 'content assist' in java editor for eclipse in mac?
What's the best way to link to an external style sheet in SharePoint
what is the best way to make a qtableview's cells have up and down button pushed dos in qt?
Multiple Cell Background Colors in Excel Spreadsheets
test sending emails from SharePoint without smtp server
Sharing JMS and Hibernate transactions in a Spring MDB using Oracle Streams AQ?
hibernate composite key
hibernate session error
Using a sharepoint document library, how can I create 'permalinks'?
Need help with NSMutableData.
Apache Mod_Rewrite RewriteRule strange behaviour
change nonpayment grid columns in magento catalogue
How to mock for testing in Haskell?
Graph drawing for the Web 2.0
Simple wordpress Registration
How does the kRotateImage flag to ICADownloadFile work?
Help needed with F_NOCACHE in mac
EntityManager injection with JPA
mtl, transformers, monads-fd, monadLib, and the paradox of choice
QNetworkAccessManager/QNetworkReply with custom QTcpSocket?
How can I make comments like on stackoverflow?
how do i help prevent my users from initiating a puff accidentally in cocoa?
Most efficient AJAX toolkit?
ByteStrings in Haskell
Can Oracle TDE protect data from the DBA?
Show dialog/frame fullscreen on a second sceen sing QT/c++
cant exchange widget in QSplitter (Qt)
Using the All operator
Problem with mapping tag in hibernate configuration file
How can I customize the syntax highlighting in Visual Studio 2005?
NSImage vs. CIImage vs. CGImage?
Spring application context : webapp folder variable ?
How do you map mac fonts to Windows fonts
What is the most convenient way to stop an Ajax-object in prototype from swallowing exceptions?
Open an external link in a lightbox in Wordpress
fountain redirect: prefix issue
SharePoint/WSS: Modify "created by" field?
ajax loading query in seperate div
Detecting appearance/disapperance of volumes on osx
How to obtain the list of Oracle's SIDs
Java Spring-Hibernate mapping question?
csv for excel, including both leading naught and commas
Drupal *_preprocess with a module
I have finished C. Should I learn Matlab next?
In What table in Drupal is the current version of core (Drupal) stored?
mapping list of different types implementing same function?
explorer perspective on a non-sharepoint page
ajax petition and text/xml
SharePoint 2007 - How To Change Attachment Paperclip Image
Wordpress integration with asp.net
how to create or replace a procedure in prophesier from jbdc?
.NET Development on a Mac Tips
How can I determine a process' unshared memory size on SunOS?
How to restore a quote in Magento when returning to the Onepage checkout?
What is the best way to format a string in Scala?
Drupal: Exposing module data to Views2
Using QFrame to display different panes of information?
Need to write a program to sanely configure a login shell
vs 2k8 doesn't release file handle after debugging stops: unable to copy file x to outturn directory because it is being used by another process.
gss_acquire_cred returning Key table entry not found error
MFC Control in a Qt Tab Widget
Haskell: How to write interactive interpreter on top of a State monad?
How to terminate script's process tree in Cygwin bash from bash script
calculate dispute of numbers in two files
Which method of checking to see if a NSDictionary contains a particular key is faster?
#define Equivalent for Oracle SQL?
how does compare two different type of objects in scala?
creating a quick look style zooming gist
Spring Batch validation
dynamic injection of bean properties based on a locale variant in leaping
Applying a modifier key from one keyboard to a keypress on another in OS X
Can I have multiple security contexts with spring security?
Restore app from dock
How can I use Cocoa's Accessibility API to detect that a window is brought to front?
how to choose an input using an explorer or gui in a matlab platform
Is there a way to import svn history into git after the fact?
reading and writing .txt in matlab
mac and iphone development books 2009
disabling Drupal's CSS/JS aggregation for admins
How to get the desktop resolution in Mac via Python?
Hiw to bind LINQ data to dropdownlist
how to customize wordpress "comment error" pageboy
Migrating to Team System from SVN & Cruise Control.NET and back
bound servlet-mapping
Magento admin panel gives 404 when trying to enter cms pages
How to set the default value of a user defined column in SharePoint depending on the content type that uses it
Performance of Oracle's dbms_crypto.hash function for SHA-1
Drupal Adding Span inside A tags in Nice Menus
What are some good resources on integrating web apps with SharePoint?
Conditional Multiple Fields Searching and Filtering in LINQ
Spring freemarker bind - what is controller?
Displaying translucent / irregular-shaped windows with Qt
Jersey w/ Spring 3.0?
when spring bean is loaded and if i have a constructor and setters which one will be called first?
How to speed up sharepoint development in Virtual PC?
AJAX Testing Tools
is ther a drupal function to jump out of the page rendering process and return a page not found?
best practices for using subversion on a growth server?
How to allow duplicate SKU in Magento
is accessing run-in with varbinary data via linq causing a timeout? how to fix?
Delete files from disk that aren't in a Visual Studio project
SharePoint Security
What Cocoa/Core Foundation helper functions do you wish you knew about 2 years ago?
How to use native C types with performSelectorOnMainThread:?
What's the most minimal way to achieve Dependency Injection?
Excel pivot table calculated field total returns incorrect value
How to Add .php extension to Category pages in Wordpress
Search Box in QToolbar
In Matlab, how to change axis orientation?
Loops on a Matlab program
Designing sharepoint pages - what can I use?
How to use the SharePoint MultipleLookupField control?
what is the bound of source repositories in visual source safe 2005
How do I persist a Java property of type Object using Hibernate?
how to enforce one-and-only-one concurrent logon per user with vaticinator sso?
Magento Admin login kicks me out back to the Admin login
How to specify which GDB I can use in XCode on MacOS
magento addfieldtofilter allow nil
NSString's initWithData:encoding: return type issue
It is possible to completely remove a file from my SVN repository?
redirection to different port for different sub world failed
Haskell function seems to be limiting integer length - i thought it used bignums?
How to detect transaction conflicts with Hibernate?
Unique random number sequence using qrand() and qsrand()
Trouble installing Maatkit on Mac OS X
VS2008: Launching the executable for a project that isn't the active project in a solution
Can Scala survive without corporate backing?
How long does it take for you to be comfortable with Haskell?
Magento: Show the Review Step in One Page Checkout
How do I get the Visual Studio Load Test Agent to use the servers second CPU
designing web help for ajax usance
get post from wodpress
How to extend Java interface containing generic methods in Scala
Using CMS to make webapps.
Recovering from an unfortunate "svn copy"
Excel - calculating durations of time data spread across multiple rows
How do I iterate over an NSArray?
magento insert product list for category 18 under cart
Scala 2.8 and Lift status
CSS: How to increase the size of a OSX submit button
Generating javadoc for project involving scala modules
QTableWidget: How can I get tighter lines with less vertical spacing padding?
how to check for command key held down java/swt at startup on mack os x
Oracle 'printf' equivalent
drupal profile date format
how to change the textbook color of qlistwidget
What are the key differences between Scala and Groovy?
wordpress: add the categories to a post rss title
ORACLE Rollback and Trigger
Visual Studio 2008: make ctrl-k, ctrl-n (next bookmark) stay within the same file
how to remove maximize button in mac os go tool window in qt
spring transactional cpool. Which one do I use?
Find string in httpxml.responseText
How to implement this Query in Hibernate?
left slope menu in magento modern theme
leaping - rewrite one url to another
Using xsl:include with AJAX/XSLT
Difference between two queries when selecting a random sample from oracle
How can I ssh directly to a particular directory?
Magento add rate options to products
Should the new MFC Feature pack contols appear in VS toolbox
inserting multiple rowing into oracle
Please suggest a good book on Drupal
Accessing Excel.ComboBox from C#
Using an Alias in a WHERE clause
How to query (LINQ) multiple table association link ?
is there a simpler c++ subversion api or an illustration .vcproj for minimal_client.c?
Not showing Dialog when opening file in Acrobat Pro using Applescript
ajax browser compatability
Bash substituion; remove everything after the string
Hibernate session not getting created.
How can I combine multiple rows into a comma-delimited list in Oracle?
Obfuscating a Magento module
How do you Read SharePoint Lists Programatically?
How to determine function name from inside a functoin
What would be the most convenient way to connect Visual Studio 2005 (C#) to Oracle8?
SharePoint API to get Crawling information
resources to learn macosx ontogenesis from linux/windows development point of perspective
keyboard and mouse event transparent gadget
Using Calender Store.
customized drupal with pre-installed module
How do you implement the Method makeKeyAndOrderFront: ?
Why does wdiff not work with named pipes
.htaccess folder protection
How do I set a friendly name for SharePoint custom property enums?
What is the shorcut in visual studio to switch from code behind to Xaml Code ?
shell script for replacing some files with symlinks
How do you uninstall Visual Studio SP1 w/ .Net 3.5 SP1?
Very slow response for Visual Studio 2005 Web Site Administration Tool
Bash alias of an svn command piped to awk
Haskell : ++ difference
drupal reinstalled locally, url's such as "admin" get page not found
QT: Context menu (QMenu) reference from the QTableWidget.
hibernate entity sort tower configuration
VSTS Database Edition and the GDR project structure
Is there a way to generate a Unique Identifier (in SQL Server newid()) in Excel 2007
Finding a 3rd party QWidget with injected code & QWidget::find(hwnd)
Axes background color not rendering properly when exporting videos
Update two different values with one AJAX respons
Casting an mmapped ByteString to other types?
Is creating a view on SharePoint tables bad stile?
Annotating Charts in Matlab
Building optimized Qt4 - "./configure" flags and their meanings
magento demo stores - featured products and best trafficker not showing
AJAX support in smart phones
Can a class inherited from Qthread behave as a normal class?
filter that uses elements from two arrays at the same time
oracle: how to create an component in a specific namespace with xmlelement()
Wordpress excerpt - image and text
Magento - Displaying Configurable Product Options under a Grouped Product
Finding errors / warnings in Visual Studio
how to specify .net anonymous object homecoming type in linq using func<t,q>?
OpenSSL in bash script
Updating from svn repository returns "Could not read chunk size" error
Implementing a string class that does case insensitive comparisions in Scala
How to keep testing and production e-commerce db in sync when you have "sales" updates in production?
Automatic migratiion between different Persistent backends
Do you plan to use the Scala programming language and on what project?
Wordpress Admin Section users.php
How do I tell Subversion to treat a file as a binary file?
VisualSVN wants a username and password
Export Oracle user tables to MS Access automaticaly
How to check for COMMAND key held down Java/SWT at startup on Mac OS X
bash script to restart Apache automatically
How to check whether your work on WP or WPMU ?
how do you give a text discipline a default font and some padding?
front-end configurable products from simple products in magento?
How do I update all svn:externals references after a server migration?
get resultset from oracle stored subroutine
apache logformat informatics address
scala Map filterKeys: Projection cannot be assigned to a Map reference
Issue Using Hibernate Criteria object with composite key
Bash: space in variable value later used as parameter
Spring MVC form:options tag not wiring into my objects Id?
Magento install errors
determine if a function exists in knock
Making Movies from a set of images on a mac
Is there a way to programmatically concatenate excel files?
FTP not uploading last 4 bytes
How to move an element in a list in Haskell?
Concatenating lists in ternary trees
hibernate optimistic locking with lazy OneToOne associations
How to get top 3 elements in int array using LINQ?
Upgrading dojo in Spring-js from 1.3 to 1.4
Modifying fields for a Workflow Task in Sharepoint
Looking for software which can build PHP scripts into Mac executables
Recommendations for AJAH Library
QT question about a QList<QStingList>
Must Have SharePoint dev tools
How do I get the inner/client size of a NSView subclass?
On OS X, seperating a GUI into multiple NIB files and NSView subclasses
SVN Firefox Plugin
Drupal: How to show specific view in a particular block
Hom to change default nls_date_format for oracle jdbc client
Accessing Oracle Database from C#
Scala's simple-build-tool doesn't appear to run tests
For iPhone dev, using the latest mac mini, which iphone sdk to get?
Oracle - How to grant to a user the rights to another user's objects
QWebElement manipulation of a QWebPage in a separate thread
connection to first image attachment in a wordpress post
Is it possible to use QFontDatabase::addApplicationFont() in Symbian?
Triggering a method when a row in a Table View is edited.
Supply Spring managed objects to non Spring managed Objects?
sort excel grouped words
Java <-> Scala interop: transparent List and Map conversion
filtering search solvent with wordpress
using createobject("excel.application") - issuing with unsigned control
Subversion - Move Repository
Mac font rendering on Windows
How do I add  a "last" class on the last <li> within a Views-generated list?
How do you add an edit button to each row in a report in Oracle APEX?
Binding ASP.NET GridView to an Oracle SYS_REFCURSOR
Give me awesome Visual Studio keyboard short cuts!
QSize ( int width, int height )
GUI wrapper for Perl command line app on OSX
Using MS SQL/Oracle's XML datatype in Hibernate
how to restore a citation in magento when returning to the onepage checkout?
Oracle stored procedure OUT parameters
Is there a way to conditionally run Visual Studio Post Build Steps
Drop into interpreter during arbitrary scala code location
SVN - Reintegration Merge error: "must be ancestrally related"
Best Practices: IDE Code Color Scheme and Font
How to use svn with emacs (psvn can't create tunnel)
SharePoint 2007 navigation and removing its delay
establishment drop down on a condition
matlab and linux
TinyMCE adds <pre> tag when inserting from Word
magento bundle product displaying as out of stock
Wordpress blog page
Apache HTTPD reload
using min, max and counting on hql
Migrating from other Content Management Systems to SharePoint
Magento and country codes for table rates
Qt: doesn't cause memory leak?
LINQ: Dot Notation vs Query Expression
Visual Studio plugin to allow opening 2005 solutions with 2008?
How to ask bash to wait for a result and send a SIGKILL when it get it ?
Serilializing Linq.Table to XML
Importing selective data using impdp
rails ajax update only once
What's the status of multicore programming in Haskell?
collecting io outturn into lean
Interceptor's getEntityName is not used. Bug in Hibernate?
pushd/popd on ksh?
qt signals & inheritance question
How to create the file browser in view for spring roo?
Drupal programattically creating forms - defualt selected index of a select
hibernate createSQLQuery bulk insert
How do I write the qualified name of a symbol in Haskell?
Spring JPA Exception Translation
add another node presentation (like teaser, full node) to drupal
Flex, Cairngorm and XML-RPC
How do i build a custom "Your Account" dynamic page with wordpress?
How does SharePoint Services 3.0 Search work ?
shared library locations for matlab mex files:
ERROR: request not found in the TrackedRequests. We might be creating and closing webs on different threads.
What's each SVN automatic conflict resolution action performs?
Importing text files with comments in MatLab
replace html page with contentedness retrieved via ajax
set line weighting for all serial in excel 2000 pivot chart
How to tell Apache, in reverse proxy mode, to intercept or trap 302 responses from backend server and redirect internally without sending 302 response back to client?
How to show a title of  document window without icon?
String Compare not working in Visual C++ 2005
MATLAB Mex interface to a class object with multiple functions
How do I include calls to methods only present in one operating system version when compiling for multiple versions?
best subversion node for windows vista (64bit)
Excel built-in dialogs
[Drupal] How do i give a specific user editing rights to a specific node?
How to apply a patch using svn export?
matlab: collect from array of structs
Scriptaculous Ajax.InPlaceEditor: How to trigger cancel action?
[Excel] How can you retrieve a signature of function usable in Excel in VBA or a DLL  ?
How to add "Select Data Source" to my Excel appliation?
qsize ( int width, int peak )
Scripting the Visual Studio IDE
Haskell linear algebra?
Hibernate - how to map an EnumSet
How to tell if a sting is not defined in a bash shell script?
How to drop and create new repositories with as subversion server?
Excel Overtime Calculation
Hibernate updating database sctructure with new indexes
WordPress theme blog not displaying well in FireFox-how to fix?
Find location of current m-file in Matlab
UberCart statistics on products added.
Bash scripting - execute and grep command inside script
MOSS (SharePoint) publishing page schedule options not appearing
displaying category on a cms page in magento
apache-webserver-website publishing
QT, making UI that shrinks and expands
Spring - Annotation Based Controller - RequestMapping based on query string
bash script to always answer No to any prompt ?
Trying to program a Drupal calendar input blacklist
Is there a better way to get sub-sequences where each item matches a predicate?
access and modify attributes/objects which are not part of the shape backing noggin
are oracle stored procedures faster than in line sql for a microsoft.net covering ?
Best practices for applying changes to a SharePoint application
Getting all the webpages of a SPWeb and subwebs that have a field with a value in Sharepoint?
WordPress 2.8.6 foobars my theme options with escape slashes!
need opinion regarding design/architecture of a web coating
LINQ External Mapping to Class Library
svn fault - 501 not implemented commit failed
Get Hibernate transaction status
How to Re-Order Evaluation of this Linq Scenario
SharePoint Web Parts
NSString Retain Problems
Excel: Find the minimal value in a column
nub animation view intermittently not appearing
Combining data from Excel with database
Single read-only user for svn
Wordpress Digg-Like Voting System Plugin
What virtual machine can I use for virtualice Mac OS in Window?
crop & resize images in wordpress
Control statements in Haskell?
@manytomany hibernate query (can mbd extra field?)
Bash PS1 settings - how to get the current folder back as the terminal title
magento - show customs attributes in grouped product table.
How do you use telnet to check a connection to Oracle?
what is the aim of (apache) putting inode into an etag?
How to call Matlab functions from linux command line ?
apache resolving urls before looking in .htaccess
MaxValue Partition Name
VB.Net Linq - How to append a where clause?
Passing variable through ssh doesnt work
Shading an area boundered by a curve
Wordpress OR Joomla?
Timeout setting of different browsers?
Multiple custom controls that use mouseMoved in one window...
Cannot derive a Show instance for data containing UTCTime
Drupal Form API and $form_state['storage'] is destroyed on a page refresh
What's the best way to store milisseconds in Oracle?
Calculate difference of numbers in two files
remove duplicates in list specifying equality mapping
Linq: What is the difference between Select and Where
How do you define an @interface in Scala?
which is the dictation to query a subversion repository for all files checked out to a specific user?
Magento Community: Product / Category Images do not upload
How to fill-up cells within a Excel worksheet from a VBA function?
Cannot convert object, recieved from ajax call, into a long
Excel Macro Match and Copy/Paste
REF CURSOR versus TABLE function in Oracle
How do I label two vectors in Matlab?
Oracle - How to have an out ref cursor parameter in a stored procedure?
how do i search all rewrite of a file in a subversion repository?
Visual Studio unit tests throw MissingMethodException when assembly is in GAC?
Is it possible to have a binding that combines more than one key path?
what is the equivalent of COM in Mac OS?
Will Subclipse 1.4.4 work with Subversion 1.3.2
Cmdline Bash Variable Weirdness
Can I make a structured reference absolute in excel 07?
How do I improve Windows Subversion client update performance?
Exporting VBA code from Multiple Excel documents to put into version control
multiple type parameters in haskell type classes
Ajax response that slides open a div
How do I send a cross-domain POST request via JavaScript?
Preferred way to do locales in the Haskell Platform
Drupal: Staying Organized with Module Changes
why browser sometimes render site bad?
OS X: Setting at runtime the Application name as it appears in Dock and Menu Bar
whats wrong with this ajax script?
how do i connect a curve of fixed duration between two points in space using matlab?
Split string based on delimiter in bash?
how can i iterate recursivly though a sharepoint lean using webservices?
Updateable Data Grid using Linq to SQL in WinForms
enum in matlab
svn + projection management + wiki + todo list
What is the difference between request by form submit and request by ajax?
Which delegate method I should use When I cliked on a textfield?
Cocoa: Laying out dates on a month-view calendar
Dynamic button control in AJAX
Find mode of a sequence of numbers without using arrays/vectors
"Pattern matching" of algebraic type data constructors
What options do I have for LINQ projections?
Saving QPixmap to JPEG failing (Qt 4.5)
Monads and custom traversal functions in Haskell
How can I pass structured data to my (F)CGI through Apache?
Advantages of VS 2008 over VS 2005
How do I find the version of Apache running without access to the command line?
How can i check out just the trunks of multiple projects from the same repository.
Why can't I reference a user defined type field when using nested queries?
Pulling date and time values from excel (CSV) to C#
linq to sql without explicit foreign key kinship
'Array of arrays' in matlab?
moss 2007 creeping
remote debugging under mac oxygen x
Apache Velocity: Is there a standard way of verifying the correctness of a template from the command line?
mac os x scheduling and distribution
REST Service exposed on WCF not populating parameter values
In bash shell script how do I convert a string to an number
hibernate criteria contains-in on an affiliation to a table
Ajax.request throws a syntax error, but returns the correct value
NSView leaves artifacts on another NSView when the first is moved across the second
SVN plugins for Eclipse - Subclipse vs. Subversive
Why does "anonymous" need read access in authz in order for TortoiseSVN to do a diff or log?
how to get value form 2nd table with out join in hibernate
In Sharepoint, what is the actual name of the page layout used for the "Article page with with body only" layout option?
Subversion in a single picture
Drupal 6 forms and optgroup arrays
How do I correct a Subversion project where I omitted trunk?
Visual Studio and dual/multiple monitors: how do I get optimized use out of my monitors?
drupal 6 - can i use one exposed views filter to search/filter several similar cck fields?
Porting .NET C++ standalone to Mac
Ajax and PHP help
How do I get objects in the responder chain to handle `insertText:` messages?
Magento > product displaying in subcategory but not in the category
excel smart shred
Cocoa webView - Disable all interaction
Drupal: last core version update. Risky, if I don't update it ?
Custom File Filter Upload
Strange Exception thrown using Dynamic Linq Entity Framework Query
running two bash commands simultaneously on two different computers from one script
.Net XML comment into API Documentation
how to chop last n bytes of a gyp in bash string choping?
What is after LINQ?
Where is user specified data being stored on MacOS
Magento backend problem
How to select items that do not show up in a second list with Linq
design pattern for translatable hibernate model
Drupal Custom Form Arrangement/Placement
[MAGENTO] Redirect to checkout onepage after adding item to cart
Inheritence to extend a data structure in Haskell
Eclipse RCP on OSX - How to stop logging to syslog?
Cocoa Notification Example
subversion diff including new files
Is there a means to produce a changelog in SVN
how do i compile a 32 fleck apache module for a 64 bit platform?
VC++ problem with 64 bit oracle client with OpenforwardOnly flag in database connection.
Should I port Linux Driver to Mac OS X OR Should I Rewrite it
Apache - Prettifying URLs with mod_rewrite while also catching some edge cases
Is OS X Installer package postflight localization supported?
Is there a way to put get the URL of the site in creation in the ONET.XML file?
what is the equivalent of struts actionmessages in springtime mvc?
Is there a performance hit with Spring if I use component-scan and make the base-package my root package?
Partial refunds in Magento
linq: get a inclination of all tables within datacontext
Get a node to show up underneath a View's menu item
Qt: Do events get processed in order?
BASH, escaping single-quotes inside of single-quoted strings
LINQ practice exercises or puzzles?
Add/remove rows to/from NSTableView in Objective-C
sharing jms and hibernate transactions in a spring mdb using oracle flow aq?
How to create TestContext for Spring Test?
Spring - How to load a new hierarchical context?
Find file in directory from command line
How to create a compiler Action for SBT
OSX Equivalent of WinSCP's Fully-Automated Local-Remote SFTP Sync?
Really dumb question about haskell
thinking of new way of building a db page populating data via api calls - are there any exit doing it this way
Get Current Top Level Category with Magento
display a node references' field as a board and not as a lean in drupal
Wordpress nav not visible in pages like articles, blog & search
Right click on sheet-tabs disabled in Excel
Padding has blue border in IE and Firefox but not in Chrome.
Snippets in matlab editor
Map database column1, column2, columnN to a collection of elements
How can I make Visual Studio wrap lines at 80 characters?
Haskell Target Architecture
What is the purpose of Browse Information generated by Visual Studio
halt to see if visual studio can load an assembly
Hibernate one to many using something other than a primary key
Modeless MsgBox, Error trapping, .Find
Can subversion be hosted on amazon's hosted cloud?
hibernate versioning issuing update statment for no reason
best short representative of the need for excel vba
Views in Drupal: ignore arguments
CAML query to locate specific SPFolder nested in document library tree
Why is Visual Studios Installer not picking up dependencies
Is it possible to have PackageMaker build an installer without "packaging" the content at build time?
What's the best way to draw a bunch of (~200) colored rectangles in Cocoa?
os x - app doesn't show up in force quit. how do i fix that?
Why won't my local Apache open html pages?
SVN Working Copies on Network Share
Scala - modifying nested elements in xml
MATLAB intersection of 2 surfaces
comet, tom and read event
Device Information from NSEvent/CGEvent
find first element of certain type in a lean uisng linq
Mac OS X New Users From Command Line
Have a different language for the admin interface than the site's default in Drupal
Creating a custom content type in drupal
Modifying show method of generated roo controler
Code to have Wordpress display a monthly archive?
Introducing Spring MVC
hibernate how to create createalias left join?
Scala: "Parameter type in structural refinement may not refer to an abstract type defined outside that refinement"
Stop writing blank line at the end of CSV file (using MATLAB)
JavaScript problem?
oracle diff: how to compare two tables?
What's new in QuickCheck 2?
Mac + External drive not recognized as removable storage
Excel query table still works after deleting File DSN, how is that possible?
how do I set the PATH on Mac permanently (specifically for subversion upgrade)
Drupal: Grabbing the node reference
Magento - Magento Cache
Dropdown Menus In Drupal?
additional e-mail while checkout in magento
Help getting inserted data after Qt's rowInserted signal
Eclipse CDT on Snow Leopard cannot find binaries
prototype serialize returns function instead of serialized string
How can I change the tick marks scale in MATLAB?
Use of ajax to call JMS
Visual Studio Unit Test - The member specified could not be found.
Mac Resource editor in Snow Leopard?
custom mannikin with drupal - cck and simple module - what next?
How do you make a 2-d array in Matlab?
String or Binary Data Would Be Truncated Error
[bash] replace a line in a text file
How to simulate [L] in .htaccess
Storing images with LINQ to SQL: Converting byte array or stream to Binary
Can anyone tell me why Apache will not work, for my Django?
SVN - merge one branch into another?
Unexpected Connection Reset: A PHP or an Apache issue?
MS Access Reporting - can it be pretty?
Tablet PC SDK (1.7) Merge Module + VS2008 + Windows Vista?
Connection Reset by Peer Error
Create a Mac Application Installer and Passing Arguments on Launch
make applescript curriculum that listens systemwide for shortcuts
XCode Linking build error
How to include a timer in Bash Scripting?
Model - View - Controler in Qt
Creative uses of monads
different roles for 2 different type exploiter in drupal
Silently modifying nodes
drupal: auto-generate video thumbnails
Linq query, how to build nested objects from single table
different using @Transactional and spring template ?
Lookup on another sheet in excell
Load .wav file for OpenAL in Cocoa
a general agency to get the front page of another language, in multi-lingual drupal?
get dimensions for dataset matlab, sizing function
Fonts in pdf documents screwed up when generated with latex (specifically, pdflatex) on mac osx.
reordering an mbox file chronologically
Can you pass stdin into unix host/dig command?
the scala room to use one thespian per socket connection
? Structuring a Revision Control System (SVN)
Using linux "cut" with stdin
how do you detect if a listing has exactly 3 items in haskell?
Oracle TO_DATE headache
Match multiple cases classes in scala
does an orm integrate with existing applications or do unity not understand?
Wordpress theme not displaying when activated on production server, but will display on development environment
How can I edit a specific item on my website's front page on Magento
embedded matlab: trouble with persistent variables.
Getting 206 Partial Content and not sure why.
Runtime-dynamic properties in QPropertyEditor
copying cells from different sheets to one main sheet
Using Spring Security with EJB or Spring?
What's the best way to find if the processor type is PPC or Intel in Cocoa? (Do I have to use Carbon?)
How to retrieve the background color of an arbitary image using MATLAB?
Objective C makes integer from pointer without a cast passing objects as args
Qt Play/Pause Action?
I want my wp 2.8.6 blog to be seen as written in Spanish by Feedburner.
Using a Mac for crossplatform development?
Spring rejecting bean name, no URL paths specified
Bash - Passing arguments by reference
How to avoid hardcoded field names in HQL, Hibernate?
how to capture / post system-wide keyboard / shiner events under osx ?
how to count number of elements of same value in a matrix?
Compiling a shared library with QT on Ubuntu 9.10
Apace mod_rewrite redirect to internal server
Hibernate constraint violation/error rolling back
Creating an excel worksheet function (UDF) at runtime in C#
How do I I receive SNMP traps on OS X?
is it possible to start an external broadcast from the target directory when debugging?
Monitoring which statement updates (and when) a certain table row with Oracle 10
what is the best practise design for a scalable web application involving sitting state
In QT, how to have a fixed size for QDialog
wxhaskell asynchronous updates
how to work-around "object required" fault when adding a variable in an atl dialog
Only date certain articles on Wordpress?
Stop text from wrapping with NSLayoutManager
how to Clear the screen in Haskell
Can I do this? Apache + mod_jk + Tomcat + Axis
Dynamically display Edit Control Block menu item in SharePoint
Scala: Abstract Types vs Generics
Apache mod_perl handler/dispatcher returning control to apache.
howto passport a string as parameter in awk within bash script
Ecommerce Site Solutions: to pay or not to pay?
Problem with AJAX
halt for a subversion update
Hibernate Criteria query - Class cast exception
Printing $node vars in page.tpl.php
Are there any other classes like SPBuiltInFieldId and SPBuiltInContentTypeId?
Prefix form of unary operator in Haskell
alternating coloring grouping of rows in excel
count between image of date bind in gridview. linq to sql visual basic
set/get fn-lock for a macos application
ie6 + ssl + ajax + post form = 404 error (?)
How can I find out what a command is executing in Terminal on MacOs
How to do conditional compilation in Haskell?
How can I import a directory structure into SVN, keeping the file and folder modifed dates the same?
How to combine Where clause and group by in LINQ
Hibernate @Version Field error
shared components throughout all projects, is there a better alternative than svn:externals?
Mapping collections with LINQ
What is Excel 2007 workbook Name size limit? Why?
Magento How to debug blank white screen
How can I get Office-like AutoCorrect in Visual Studio?
Select from Select statement?
Spring MVC and parsing HTML
Scala collection standard practice
how do i get a checkbox item from a QTableView and QStandardItemModel alone?
Printing dialog or window with Qt
What do 'Delimiter' and 'InheritsFromParent' tags mean in .vsprops files?
drupal: listing content type with content tally
MS Ajax Toolkit now on backburner?
Is there sth like Microsoft's TechNet or MSDN subcriptions for Apple, too?
Drupal Form-API: #field_prefix doesn't work on textfield
SharePoint 2007 Publishing site with deep menu structure
Will backdated posts show up in current feeds when posted now?
Why does magento always come out of session
Is there a Haskell compiler or preprocessor that uses strict evaluation?
how to debug the main safariplugin projection ?
Don't display stock counter for bundle products
Excel: Change multiple formulae at once?
Bash: How to feed a command with the multiple results generated by one subcommand
Qt Widget Overlays
how do i save each canvass in an excel workbook to seperate csv files with a macro?
qtimer firing payoff in qgis(quantum gis)
Return specific type within Haskell
Customize link for add content
Creating nodes porgramatically in Drupal 6
how to plot confidence interval in matlab?
Is there a way to implement constraints in Haskell's type classes?
magento "my account" link part
Automatic Request to a web Page
how do you screen scrape ajax pages ?
How can I generate convenient date ranges based on a given NSDate?
Intercepting call to the back button in my AJAX application: I don't want it to do anything!
baptistry used in quicksilver - large text?
if hibernate can generate the db schema, how to tell it to create a column of nvarchar(max)?
How to validate an XML file against a schema using Visual Studio 2005
php using too much store
Evaluating and graphing functions in Matlab
Is Scalas/Haskells parser combinators sufficient?
ORM Criteria Question
How can release excel object with IDisposeable interface
Retrieving & Displaying data from csv files using AJAX
Hibernate CRUD Ã  la Ruby on Rails' Scaffolding
weird qt bug (to do with holding editor)
Using LINQ to query a text file
Apache Whitelist reverse proxy
How can I highlight the active line in Visual Studio, without using ReSharper?
Annotate images using tools built into OS X
Mac/Windows MIDI application programming language
What is the recommended way of passing keyboad events to QProcess transparently?
hibernate criteria api - how to lodge by collecting size?
Many-to-many on the same table with additional columns
Effective Entity Update In Hibernate ?
Measuring bluetooth signal strength via AppleScript on Mac OS X
[SharePoint] Publishing HTML Field Control Converts Relative URL to Absolute URL
wss features and information storage
How do I get the max ID with Linq to Entity?
How do I trouble shoot why my rewrite rules aren't being applied by apache?
add a server alias to the domain's VHOST?
How can other users be updated when a comment is posted, other than the author in wordpress?
What happens when I call QWidget->close()
Is there any way to block files being committed to SVN repository
Apache2 isn't serving index.php
NS(Array|Tree)Controller Architecture for multiple NSViewControllers
Visual studio C# Linq bulk insert/update
Executing simple commands with Cocoa and Sdef.
Programmatically Activate NSMenuItem
using revision restraint for home development
Haskell: Parsing error with 'where' and a guard
Drupal: Adding content to a View
coderush for c# payoff
Setting up Ruby CGI in Apache
Extending a sequence statistically in MATLAB
How do I enable continuations on Scala 2.8?
How do I do this SELECT statement with LINQ?
Dow do you set ASP.NET Development Web Server to not cache any content?
Nhibernate fires SQL commands
CGLIB proxy error after spring bean definition loading into XmlWebApplicationContext at runtime
What is the best alternative way of montoring apache Active MQ other than using JMX API
Scala: how can I sort an array of tuples by their second element?
pl/sql stored procedure... where does the execution sentence go?
apache trouble on mac
How do I create a custom directive for Apache Velocity
patch for wordpress remote admin reset password exposure
how to display data in matrix with with more than 4 decimals
Info on type family instances
How to find the current name of the test being executing?
Faster 'select distinct thing_id,thing_name from table1' in oracle
SharePoint 2007: Formatting a FormField
Running a command in a new Mac OS X Terminal window.
Adding a Custom Widget to Qt Designer
How to get an array of distinct property values from in memory lists?
Render image in custom webpart from Picture Library
sql not match & null
SQL Compare-Like tool for Oracle?
unable to scp from my server to my reckoner
Best way to log POST data in Apache?
Haskell's liftIO's litter functions of type ErrorT String IO ()
Sequincial order of wordpress hook ?
integrating springMVC and extjs
How do I form the union of scala SortedMaps?
SVN\Tortoise painfully slow
update a field based on subtotal from another table
Hibernate not respecting MySQL auto_increment primary key field
How do you setup a shared Working Copy in Subversion
PHPLiveX and loading html into DIV
Why use Apache over NGINX/Cherokee/Lighttpd?
pipe bash output to two different streams
Problem detecting cyclic numbers in Haskell
[wordpress] how do i get the name of the page ace am on?
splitting data into two year visually in matlab
How accurate is Oracle's EXPLAIN PLAN?
Implementing Search As You Type in Excel 2003
how to remove files and directory in a appointed path?
How can I access specific subsets of a large NSDictionary in Cocoa?
bash string comparability syntax
How to pull data and export to excel within an ajax framework.
Unpacking varargin to individual variables
seer sql*loader getting cdata values...
Excel 2003 VBA error 1004 after XML data import
Magento Onestep checkout
Creating a custom EditorPart in SharePoint
(emulated) Macros in Haskell?
alteration owner on publish node in drupal
creating monad in haskell
Texture mapping in MATLAB
Querying against LINQ to SQL relationships
how to update a plain of type spfielduservalue from sharepoint web services
why is this form of haskell acceptable, but the other build raises a eccentric error?
How to handle line breaks in data for importing with SQL Loader
In Haskell, how can I use the built in sortBy function to sort a list of pairs(tuple)?
Have a script to handle http errors.
Implementing an Excel External Data source
Qt Application fails spectacularly
Animation with QTimeline
How can I solve a system of linear equations in Excel?
What is the best practise design for a scalable web application involving session state
hibernate DAO
can a stp guide be hidden from subsite creation page?
Creating a configurable Magento attribute from scratch
How to recursively compare the digits in a number in Haskell
adding slashes to the remnant of directories + more (htaccess)
why does Spring use XML for component wiring?
ProcessBatchData create strange folder name
Converting enum into a class hierarchy
How to get a line number when parsing with QXmlDefaultHandler?
Sequence expression in bash
How can I change the way NSButtonCell objects highlight when clicked?
Visual Studio Find and Replace Variables
MATLAB: vectorized array creation from a list of start/end indices
Inserting a value into an ordered tree in Haskell
magento add to cart problem
what is the default precision and scale for a routine in oracle?
wordpress: actions, filters & hooks
Get the numerical value of an SPFieldCurrency field
Magento, add VAT nr to billing address
Open a Specified File in Excel from a GUI - Borland C++
Get page content with theme structure in Wordpress
Customize Oracle AWR report
AJAX code not able to call a .php file.
How to change SharePoint extended webapplicaion`s web.config file
How do I display posts excluding one category on blog home page?
What does Scala's "try" mean without either a catch or finally block?
creating magento groups needs reindexing
Corrupted Qt Widgets on Windows Mobile
Looking for discussion or literature on WordPress as a software engineering project.
Invoking Wine From Apache
Echoing a string that contains PHP (in WordPress)
Scala programmer - "should there be one obvious way to do it" or "more than one way to do it"?
Hibernate Next/Previous Sibling Mapping
htacces: how to stop strings appending to url rewrite
Jersey, Spring, Tomcat and Security Annotations
How do I know which OSBundleLibrary to include when using XCode?
workarounds for hibernate's deficiency of delete-orphan funding for one-to-one and many-to-one relationships?
negate unsigned number in brawl
Capturing output of find . -print0 into a bash array
Convert list of Integers into one Int (like concat) in haskell
column not found: 1054 unknown pillar 'category_ids' in 'field list'
What do I need to offset the performance setback induced by use of the Spring framework?
how to clear the textbox value of asyncfileupload .. ?
Is there a Breakpoint Plugin for Visual Studio?
erroneousness while loading xls file in matlab?
How does AOP work in Drupal?
svn stumbling blocks
Setting the 'audience' in a SharePoint-NavigationNode ?
make a new product active by default in magento
How do I deploy an Oracle database?
bash function to prompt for and return input
SAP business one integration with Magento
How to recognize this simple capcha using MATLAB?
WebView history
How to determine if Wordpress plugin is called from Wordpress widget
Turning y axis upside down in MATLAB
Convert asp.net project pages from Windows-1251 to Utf-8
Custom Class - IBOutlets Not Working?
is there a wordpress "lightbox" type of  plugin that works on the iPhone  ??
Add QObject in the combo box of Qt
QX11EmbedWidget and QX11EmbedContainer
How to ensure AJAX encoding will work
What column type in Oracle can take full range of java double values
Help with Magento Custom Module. Redirect to another module and return to checkout
cocoa application architecture on mac os cristal
Can I perform an "or" operation in LINQ to objects?
Spring- How to use Springs Dependancy Injection to write a Standalone Java Applicaiton
Scala: working around the "illegal cyclic reference"
How to get the category title in a post in Wordpress?
Oracle Pl/SQL: Loop through XMLTYPE  nodes
model generation for manually entered page in springtime framework
group by interrogation in linq
How to get downloadable product links after successfull order
Move Directory across SVN repository using Tortoise SVN
belt tab-completion inside double-quoted string
hardening drupal for a  live deployment
How do I create a nice -description method that nests recusively like NSArray
When is it OK to use an IORef?
spring - constructor injection and overriding parent definition of nested bean
Subversion - is trunk really the best place for the main development?
Hibernate: How to map a *.hbm.xml file in a different folder?
test for posts matching specific category and not belonging to exclusion class
Best way to implement realtime UI updates like SO's 'new answer' notifier?
Is there any advantage to use spring DataAccessExceptions instead of JPA PersistenceExceptions ?
double or single bracket, parenthese, curly bracket
Haskell - Functional Programming Help
sharing data across sharepoint site - roll up or pull down?
Linq Compiled Query using Contains (Like SQLs IN statement)
provide assembly with full trust in sharepoint by custom policy story not working
What is LINQ to events a.k.a RX Framework?
How to put Apache website to 503 "temporary down"?
how do you stop svn checkout from bringing back file that were deleted from the project?
how do i make a tan down chart in excel?
ajax requests when navigating in browser
Magento 1.3 or 1.4
Subfolder for website on Mac OS X
Installing Boost libraries on Snow Leopard
how can i fill in a sharepoint list edit build offline using windows mobile 5.0 quickly?
Displaying static information in a Wordpress blog
cannot find class manifest for element type T
how can i chop down a transaction in leaping with jpa?
Macintosh C Creating a navigation window to choose an app
Linq query on the maximum value of 2 fields
parser combinator: how to terminate repetition on keyword
magento - get list of items from fiat for specific appointment range
Qt::How to prevent an icon being highlighted?
How do I 'unhide' menu links to unauthorized content in Drupal 6?
Construct a java.util.List from a java.util.Set in Scala
is there an argument to know you're on a opinion list page?
controlling new features in spring/apache tom
Magento custom blocks
Reflection on a Scala case class
Compiling PHP-GD on Mac OSX 10.5
Rolling back foreign key relationships with Hibernate
add pillar that browses on a sharepoint content type
Integrating Instant Messaging into SharePoint!
how many (generic ?) class wordpress have ?
sharepoint and office open xml interaction enquiry
How to use Intel C++ Compiler with Qt Creator
Hibernate: constraintName is null in MySQL
Is there any way to make Excel preserve XML attributes in root element?
Sharepoint best practices
How to setup a Magento rewrite rule that keeps it's GET parameters
Can optimizations affect the ability to debug a VC++ app using its PDB?
How do I change bash history completion to complete what's already on the line?
Protect Excel Worksheet for format and size and allow only for entry
Best book to learn web development for a professional developer?
Basic apache server, mapping 127.0.0.1, to 10.0.0.7:8000
best recitation in visual studio c++
Oracle Populate backup table from primary table
hibernate collectionofelements eager fetch duplicates ingredient
cannot display view after handler call it
how can i loop through office as well as child pages to display them all by date in wordpress 2.9
In Qt, how do I align form elements in different group boxes?
How to execute an Oracle stored procedure via a database link.
Deploying New Web Parts
Intercepting method with Spring AOP using only annotations
How can I mix and match custom Spring schema types with traditional Spring schema types?
Qt dependencies between projects
Menu items become disabled in Mac when an "AlwaysOnTop" frame is showing
how can we delete certain option from an drop down attribute(magento)
gui and command pedigree svn node
drupal node update permission once a week
System command usage in Matlab
How do you convert SYS_GUID() to varchar?
remove particular order status from list in magento
AJAX checker script, problem with redirect
Is the scala 2.8 collections library the "longest suicide note in history" ?
Visual Studio 2008 - Customise right click menu
Why are my Qt plugins not loading?
bash : Make job every x days
Excel Custom Format: How to set a format that handles numbers with optional decimals
Spring MVC Table selected row
setting page approach permissions in drupal
Using Node Data after Node is Created
How to stop an NSInvocationOperation?
trouble with writing hibernate query
finding edge and nook values of an image in matlab
LINQ Inner-Join vs Left-Join
How do I get both STDOUT and STDERR to go to the terminal and a log file?
Haskell: OpenGL, how to prevent immediate window closing
Microsoft Visual Studio: Loading resources in Qt application (without plug-in)
hibernate sorting
Apache <LocationMatch> regEx field
How do I respond to an internal drag-and-drop operation using a QListWidget?
Is possible to set validation order with Hibernate Validator?
how to recursively compare the digits in a figure in haskell
Custom whiteSpace using Haskell Parsec
How does transaction propagation work when using Open Session In View?
Haskell Build Automation
how to use ajax datepicker in vb.net 2.0
Creating Drupal CCK content programatically/ via API
How can i get error message in form:errors tag by using MultiActionController ?
What is the PL/SQL API difference between Oracle Express Edition (XE) and Standard Edition (SE)?
SQL: delete all the data from all available tables
using vlookup in excel to compare columns
Is there a tool to DB Diff on 'data' for an ORACLE database?
Distributing a Haskell program as C source
differences between neckcloth apache on os x 10.5 leopard and os x 10.5 leopard server?
Simulink: type consistency errors
fount in pdf documents screwed up when generated with latex (specifically, pdflatex) on mac osx.
HTTPS on Apache; Will it show Apache?
Magento Checkout : Get Subtotal Value without iterating
Excel Print Worksheets by Name
What is the maximum length of a table name in Oracle?
What causes Error 70 in Excel VBA?
Simulink: Specifying trajectory
Spring 3 simple extentionless url mappings with annotation-based mapping - impossible?
how to match a string wildcard pattern in an excel macro
Magento problem with calling isInStock() method on a product
Easily Creating Dynamic Form/Controls Within Qt
Qt Client - LabVIEW server
How to use SIFT algorithm to compute how similiar two images are?
Visual Studio - How to remove a reference in Release mode
Scala combinator parsers - distinguish between number strings and variable strings
Using toolbar & views on Cocoa
How to use system environment variables in VS 2008 Post-Build events?
Excel Macro - Comma Separated Cells to Rows Preserve/Aggregate Column
Is there integer ranges for Where Clause?
NSTableView switch column
Wordpress [caption] processing
Which projects do you include in your solutions
Running hook_cron with administrator privileges in Drupal 6
Form based login while also applying REST principles
Where can I store a QAction(Group) ID?
wordpress authentication and login coach
Uninstall Sharepoint Infrastructure Update
SharePoint: Can I see the content of a document in the ItemAdding() event handler?
How do I log to file on the Mac (similar to log4net)
Is is possible to insert an image into an excel cell via COM?
Bash for loop with wildcards and hidden files
Scala 2.8 Actors
How to Convert Type in Tuples
Problem in Line Editor in Qt?
How do I do python-style indent/dedent tokens with alex/haskell?
Magento - Retrieve data from database and showing duplicate result
Using scala-2.8.0.RC1 with Maven and Intellij 9.0.1
Reading images from file in MATLAB
Equivalence testing in Haskell
Magento - Add CMS Block to One Page
how to list running screen session ?
How to password control access to all urls except one in apache 2
What is the proper indentation for bash scripts?
Targeting Android with Scala 2.8 Trunk builds
Screen resolution for programming
Generate Hibernate Mapping Files (*.hbm.xml) from POJOS?
How to tab between buttons on an OSX dialog box
What will happen to my RSS feeds on the blog after tI ransfer it from wordpress?
Including eval / bind values in OnClientClick code
Please confirm or correct my "English interpretation" of this Haskell code snippet
Should I use TNSNAMES.ORA or tnsnames.ora?
What does the amphersand indicate in this bash command 1>&2
automatic installation of common magento extensions at project kickoff
The logic behind MacOS's ExposÃ©
Unable to enable jquery UI module in drupal??
LINQ - Help me grasp it with an example I think LINQ should be able to solve!
Custom EntityNotFoundDelegate
Magento: change to Product Name or Description not displayed on frontend.
use svnant without a username or password
Newbie Question: AJAX not "capturing" event without refresh
console application - object model - database persmission
Scala: comparing fresh objects
How to define a ternary operator in Scala which preserves leading tokens?
How to convert indexed bitmap images to non-index binary bitmap and replace in place?
Capture Screen Image in C++ on OSX
How do I do an exclusive checkout in SVN?
Does "LINQ to DQL" exist?
Get Directory Path to 12 Hive programmatically
Is there an svn command to remove files from the client only?
making category epitome a link
Spring Security 3.0 - Intercept-URL - All pages require authentication but one
File based Spring Security
Passing parameter to hbm2ddl
Is Haskell's mapM not lazy?
Apahe configuration with virtual hosts and SSL on a local network
LINQ: Group by month and year within a datetime field
Apache/PHP closes connection after short time (12 secs)
how do i put a file (excel) online (apache server) with password shelter but with the option for users to alter the file and save the changes?
svn / subversion: Get ALL files on new check out, but then exclude certain files from update/check in
Drupal: truncate word sentence length function?
can not get scion_server to be created using runghc
Change templates in XCode
Apache SetEnvIf trouble
Core animation code structure/conventions
bash: how do you "split" the appointment command?
drupal search faculty has suddenly stopped working, how do i fix this problem?
How do I embed a File Version in an MSI file with Visual Studio?
When Oracle ROWID may change ?
Drupal: How to format email message using node invite module?
What is the equivilent C# 3.5 Linq to SQL for this?
How to determine where a number is printing from in matlab?
ajax: wait cristal seconds before load
How to find and tail the Oracle alert log
Ad targeting for individual posts in Wordpress
Wordpress list of authors
addiing captions above picture in wordpress
Filtering collection with LINQ
Drupal 6.13 Installation - Database Error
i need to add a choice orbit to sharepoint that has values depending on the current selection.
How to fix a misconfiguration with Phusion Passenger and a VirtualHost directive?
Linq to object: ToList can not convert to gerneic list
Problem attaching Ubercart view to relevant content
how to migrate from a complicated subversion depositary to a distributed version control system?
How to convert Excel to XMl using java?
How to stop NSScrollView from scrolling to top when horizontally resizing contained NSTextView?
Strange classes passed from matlab to java
ideas to display and edit generator code in an ajax application
how many ways can I get bash alias completion on partial substring
germ unavailable under a opensource license
TSVNCache.exe is heating up my Mac
Getting server name in ContextLoaderListener
Export Multiple Sheets to Excel Through Browser
Improving this url with .htaccess and mod_rewrite
prophet connection and nls_lang
Qt: mouseMoveEvent and interfer with hoverEnterEvent of child object
How to determine the Schemas inside an Oracle Data Pump Export file.
Fudge Factor in Matlab
How do you pre-set values on the right-hand side of a Shuttle Item in Oracle APEX?
sitemesh and spring mvc ornamentalist pattern trouble
how to check out a subversion deposit using svn+ssh protocol?
Haskell type families and dummy arguments
drupal function theming for custom menu
Updated content is not loading, when working with AJAX.
OptimisticLockException when trying to fetch data from postgreSQL
Integrating Magento with SAP ECC 6.0 Backend
SessionFactory in Hibernate
Using XQuery in Linq To SQL?
same ajax is not working in ie more than one time
Find out if install script runs on mac or linux machine
Can you configure mod_proxy as a reverse proxy cache?
Qt create game host
magento admin usernames
how do i add a "last" class on the last <li> within a views-generated list?
giving the root row of an outline view a different desktop color.
how to determine subroutine name from inside a functoin
Magento: Disecting the Default Theme
Static libraries in version-cross-compiled program
bash script shell input
getting items on the local clipboard from a remote ssh seance
Haskell: Show screwed up?
How to initialize a bash array with output piped from another command ?
How to setup access control in SVN?
BMP2AVI program in  matlab
Ora 12154 error
list of unique twine in database table using linq?
How can a Windows programmer be sufficiently productive on Mac OS X?
Excel VBA SVN Client / Integration
I cannot commit changes after merge in SVN
Release management in SVN
Password protecting AutoIndex but not static files with .htaccess
how to find the mistake detail on sharepoint services 3?
jquery crossing domain ajax calls and internet explorer
Does HibernateTemplate work with Envers? If so, how?
Erase Safari cookies from Terminal
how do you link 2 web share on a sharepoint page?
Practical examples of using symbols in Scala?
help understand strange behavior in a lazy code
Scala 2.8 TreeMap and custom Ordering
Haskell: nonobvious examples of functional dependencies
What transaction manager should I use for JBDC template When using JPA ?
XCode debugger sucks; alternatives?
What is causing my custom ContentType feature to throw a "Value does not fall within the expected range" error?
DRUPAL: replace tags with icons
sharepoint setup best pattern with isa
Writing a web application in excel? Why not?
Is there a way to make Oracle recalculate a query plan for each query invocation?
matlab: vectorized manipulation of cell array
Using .inc files when theming.
Is there something wrong with my System.Xml.Linq library?
Link to first image attachment in a wordpress post
Detecting failure of a Bash "export" value
how to get nsalert canvass to return focus to calling window?
SCALA  Generic Function Values ( Anonymous Function ) - Missing Parameter Type ( Error )
Wordpress databse insert() and update() - using NULL values
Issue in Oracle Sql Query
Linq To XSD at runtime.
nice small simple real life programming exemplar in haskell?
Drupal 6 devel module dd() function not writing to drupal_debug.txt file
best matlab toolbox that implements keep vector regression?
ajax toolkit reorderlist two constituent with the same id 'componentid' can't be added to the applicaiton
How to integrate Hibernate with JBoss 4.2.x server?
Fixing the size of a GTK Widget.
wordpress: How can I display multiple pages on one page?
why would .htaccess fire twice in ie when downloading a protected xl file?
HTML anchor too pull all Sticky Posts ?
Sharepoint 2007 maintenance and staging
How to resolve Oracle RemoteOperationException: Error reading error from command
Apache BeanUtils.copyProperties is spilling too much log
List all Alerts within a SharePoint site without using the SharePoint API?
Spring-samples don't understand the templates
Is there a way to use bindings with an editable NSSecureTextFieldCell in an NSTableView?
how to append name of file to end of each line in file
Prototype (1.6.0.3) function .insert does not work within dom:loaded event in Magento 1.4
magento limiting number of returned items in product collection cry
ServerContext.Current is null
pl/sql Stored procedure... where does the execution time go?
Where are wordpress default widget files or functions located?
Sharepoint: Calculated Column replace all spaces
integrating spring + hibernate + sql server with unicode sustenance
disable and later enable all table indexes in prophet
How to get a custom object out of a generic List with LINQ?
use of insert and update attributes
Magento - local file is not working.
Using an enum as a mapkey results in a RAW in the database
Magento - Dynamic lisbox in module edit entries form
How do I delete a single row in Linq?
How to do ORM for this situation?
Are the following Lambda and Linq expressions equivalent?
annotation in matlab plot
obtain current svn revision in webapp
How to add ads to the end of RSS on wordpress?
How to add grid in Magento edit tab?
prophesier 10g express home page is not coming up
Why would my ASP.NET project run on the development server when not among the startup projects?
CodeRush for C# issues
Is there an easy way to convert HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE to Oracle NLS_LANG settings?
Oracle SqlDeveloper: how to view results from a ref cursor?
how to get the gens of the current git limb into a variable in a shell script?
increasing ServerLimit & MaxClients on Apache
how to identify where the excel file manipulation excel 95 or excel 97 specifications?
Error "stopped because I can't continue" in SQLLoader - DIRECT mode
wordpress: image in every mail
Feedback form on Drupal 6 CCK content type
MS MVC form AJAXifying techniques
Programmatically setting Repeated Parameters in Scala
How do you call Scala objects from Java?
Visual Studio 2008 Pro - How to get a quick report about the number of files/classes/lines of code in a solution or project
Any clever way to launch a makefile in Visual Studio only if build succeeded?
magento community variant capability enquiry
how to tie the lifecycle for a fountain noggin to the webapps' lifecycle ?
Registering a shutdown hook in Spring 2.5
Apache returns sitemap.xml not /sitemap
BASH : List files by last edited date?
lift `??` concept and maven example
Unmanged x64 assemblies in mixed .NET development environment
Using outer joins in HQL queries
Proper disposal of SharePoint objects?
At which point in the life of an xmlHttpRequest object is serialised XML parsed into a DOM?
Installed Visual SVN Server, except I get this message when do SVN Check Out
Access Products/Category/Attribute Info from php with Magento API
How can I deny all but one directory name with .htaccess?
How to make Scala's immutable collections hold immutable objects.
DateTime Hex Format
Should I keep solutions and features in a 1-1 ratio?
Generic Linq ordering function?
magento store - extension breaking admin
RewriteCond BackReferencing %N not working?
Drupal - Redirect success message to shadowbox
Automatically plot different colored lines in MATLAB
Allow mobile access to an InfoPath form on a forms server/sharepoint instance
Compete statistical significance with Excel
How to catch a unique constraint error in a PL/SQL block?
Fixing a broken subversion setup
Bash condition of the form - [ -n "${VAR:-x}" ] gets evaluated even though VAR is set
Sorting objects based on Double values?
osx & windows development -- for newbies
NSTableView, multiple cells and bindings
Magento filter product collection by tier price for current customer group
hibernate: hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto=update appearance generated sql
LINQ to Entity Framwork: return sorted list of related rows
Cocoa Framework Issue
What is a working copy and what does "switching" do for me in Tortoise SVN?
How to efficiently find correlation and discard points outside 3-sigma range in MATLAB?
why doesn't prophesier allow consecutive newline characters in commands?
How does Haskell know which typeclass instance you mean?
How do I redirect stdin from a shell script to a command in the shell script?
Synchronize SVN through FTP
Common Files in Visual Studio Solution
What is the correct way to tell when an NSArrayController is finished loading it's content from a persistent store?
Monitor Cocoa apps for execution of external utilities (e.g., ffmpeg) on Mac OS X ?
How do I configure Spring Security 2 database authentication with Hibernate 3 Annotated Classes?
Ajax architecture in Django application
Mac OSX 10.6 compiler: a puzzling experience with 32 vs 64 bit.
AJAX load of a rendered PNG not working
Disabling default XML Schemas in Visual Studio?
htaccess 301 Redirection for Multiple Files
is there a playscript about using the moss api from an external .net web application?
Hide "Authoring information", "Menu Options" and "Publishing Options" in node creation form
Confusions in hibernate mappings
different backup location for duplicate mastery
AJAX TabPanels - How to remove panel Outline/Border
Best Way to ReUse Code When Using Visual Studio?
What's the best WordPress plugin for embedding/executing PHP code?
Cocoa Utility Class
How to set an initial size of a QScrollArea?
how to Display data in  matrix with  with more than 4 decimals
Programmatically marking an Oracle BPEL task complete
Avoiding Scala memory leaks - Scala constructors
linq: in what spot do you use linq?
Sharing memory between processes [matlab]
NSAutoreleasePool in NSOperation main?
Linq: Get a list of all tables within DataContext
Hibernate Inheritance Mapping and Attribute Override
why does the dialog i created in leopard spirit terrible in tiger?
Unable to launch the ASP.NET Development server because port '1900' is in use.
Class Designer in Visual Studio - is it worth it?
Howto: Drupal File Upload Form
Is there a easy way to suppress the XML row tags of a collection in Oracle?
Displaying foreign key relationships in Oracle 9i
How bad is ignoring Oracle DUP_VAL_ON_INDEX exception?
Handle www-authentication request using ajax?
How to execute a bash command stored as a string with quotes and asterisk
Drupal hook priority
Including a debug build in a library's Mac OS X SDK
How have you (or HAVE you) learned keyboard shortcut navigation?
Replace empty cells with logical 0's before cell2mat in MATLAB
How Do I Loop Through An Excel Spreadsheet With VBA, Paste A Value To A Website Form Then Extract The Result Back?
why is this scala instance of implicit paremeter not working?
returning untemplated output in drupal from menu callback function
How do I specify types for Haskell's set builder notation ?
SQL/Oracle: when indexes on multiple columns can be used
How to make QLineEdit expand inside QScrollArea
Session variables
ModelAttributes  not accessible on jsp (Spring MVC)
How to find details of Sharepoint installation programatically?
Hibernate Exception
how to have ajax trigger the browser's payload
Scala - can yield be used multiple times with a for loop?
how to create & call slot in other class than MainWindow?
WordPress query posts into two Divs
drupal: allowing user to sign up to content using a form
LINQ- Combine Multiple List<T>  and order by a value (.Net 3.5)
Excel waiting for one macro to finish before calling another
Wordpress XML RPC - Latest posts within Category
The easiest way to replace white spaces with (underscores) _ in bash
setTabChangesFocus(bool) has no effect Qt
Auto generate email account during Drupal account registration?
Drupal: Getting user name on user account page without breaking performance
Magento - How can I move the Navigation Block to be in the right column?
GUI thread detecting in the Qt libary
Why are subviews of an NSView not sent a release message when a Cocoa application terminates?
how do i temporarily convert an asp.net ajax mannikin to not use partial page updates?
Drupal node reference
open a terminal window to a specified booklet from a cocoa app.
Change background of QTabBar tabs using stylesheets
format the outturn of qdebug for qmaps
Uninstalling Excel add-in using VBScript
BASH - Single quote inside double quote for SQL Where clause
using BOSH/similar technique for existing application/system
Get router mac (without system call for ARP) in Objective-C
Why is SpringSource Tool Suite (STS) so slow? And how can I fix it?
Change post categories while saving post
Add New Group - Access Denied error
Is List.ForEach technically a part of LINQ or not?
How to install Java class on Oracle on Solaris
How to get a Magento product collection as a comma separated list of SKU's
Selecting an index in a QListView
Add custom message in Drupal
best practice creating pattern in wordpress
How to write a bash script to get the time on another linux server?
Checking if a matlab handle is a valid one
Howto import an oracle dump in an different tablespace
Check if application was started from within Visual Studio
creating setup for mac application
MATLAB: vectorized assignment from double array to cell array
Inner join vs Where
Choosing a desktop database
Drupal 6, how to identify active menu item by url parameters (full link), ?q=page1&filter=10
Is there a way to change a SVN users username through the entire repository history?
Create blog post simply and easily
Problem with QVariant/QTreeWidgetItem/iterator on qt4.4.3
Oracle: how to run a stored procedure "later"
How do I reorder the fields/columns in a view?
simple text menu in Haskell
making the children rows in an outline thought be deleted when their parent is.
Grouping commited files together (as a single commit) after you've already committed them to the repository in Svn?
Should subversion branches that are reintegrate-merged to trunk be deleted?
LSOpenURLSpec error
Excel: Copy every nth line from one sheet to another
while executing a shell script in Unix Bash Shell, how is a file location resolved for relative paths? rel. to the script.sh folder or the referenced file's folder.
Comments field in SharePoint Issue Tracking list
How do I get the max data size of every column in an IQuerable using LINQ
RSS viewer in SharePoint strange
Problem redirecting a C program output in bash
Hibernate Oracle Tablespace Annotation
To use or not to use the user module
AJAX script not working in Firefox
using bang command line, how to add "import package.name.*;" to many java files?
How can I pass variables from a form within the Wordpress platform?
Compiled FreeImage from source. #include FreeImage.h not found.
Cocoa/Objective-C: how much optimization should I do myself?
Does the use of styleSheet in a dynamic manner add alot of computation
How can i decide the no of connection required in connection pooling?
How do you make eclipse use an existing svn working copy?
is list.foreach technically a function of linq or not?
Does Qt have a C interface?
No results from Oracle query in VB ASPX
Drupal with Texy and GeSHi
Apache virtual host configuration on debian
os x data warehousing in plist example or tutorial?
SVN: How do I maintain my local config.blah file?
How to add theme settings to Zen-based themes?
Moving MOSS Shared Service Provider
what the consensus on spring phosphorus namespace for beans?
Looking for Matlab to F#/C# Script Convertor
run wsHaskell on other machine
Ant target for compile-time code instrumentation with Spring aspects
QT Model/View programming with complicated data structures
convert c# linq to vb.net linq
Adjusting Order Quantities in Magento
WordPress Subscribe2 plugin escapes characters in blog name when sending email
How to format data for use in nntool (MATLAB)?
How do I put an QImage with transparency onto the clipboard for another application to use?
How do I preview a url using ajax?
Virtual Mac?
Does Mongrel do IPv6 well?
mod rescript : replace all _ (underscore) with - (hyphen)
Drupal Exclude taxonomy listing pages from search.
checkout svn+ssh with loginname
Wordpress the_author_posts_link
Structuring projects & dependencies of large winforms applications in C#
plate script for adjusting image size
Drupal contact form not displaying a theme?
how do i get keyboard events in an nsstatuswindowlevel window while my diligence is not frontmost?
Cocoa : How to make a control invisible?
linux plate scripting
How can I repair "upgraded" subversion working directories?
"Cached item was locked" + Hibernate
How to troubleshoot why Excel disables an add-in?
QT with C#/.NET in Visual Studio 09
Spring, db and property file configuration.
How can I really get Subversion to ignore a directory?
Apache's mod_php OR FastCGI? Which is good for Wordpress?
Do self: T => and this: T => have the same meaning when defining a trait?
Receive WM_COPYDATA messages in a Qt app
How do I specifiy an object directory in a QT project file?
Plotting special function (Debye) in Matlab
In spring, what code is used to inject the value for the @PersistenceContext annotated variables?
How to get in CAML (Sharepoint 2007)  the same results as SPNavigation.QuickLaunch?
Displaying Japanese fonts in source code using Visual Studio
Visual Studio IDE layout tips
writing information back to sql from excel sheet
Parsec Haskell Lists
Drupal, Translating menu PATHS
install haskell cabal w/o manual dependency result
Protecting your images, CSS and Javascript files from being used by external sites with Apache?
Order of slots called on QObject
ApplyWebConfigModifications not working in the Farm
I'm using spring, hibernate and mysql. How can I let my app create the table automatically.
want to add a functional lyric to my toolchest. haskell or erlang?
What's the best short cut for this in MATLAB?
Where to find out the method used for excel functions
Wordpress SQL Select Multiple Meta Values / Meta Keys / Custom Fields
File-level filesystem change notification in Mac OS X
Getting ORA Oracle error code using PHP function oci_connect?
AJAX - Do I need to return a full HTML document on the server side?
Where do you define spring bean configuration files
How  do I resize QTableView so that the area is not scrolled anymore
Is it possible for bash commands to continue before the result of the previous command?
Hibernate One-To-Many Unidirectional on an existing DB
Retrieving PHP variables from an AJAX form input
Excel: Create a new sheet for each row
how to create a dynamic linq joint extension method
Fixing the Radial Axis on MATLAB Polar Plots
ref vs idref attributes in spring bean declaration
WordPress - producing a list of posts filtered by tag and then category
Which tree-based dictionary is the easiest to implement functionally?
AJAX Function to populate a field in a form?
How to circumvent the depth limitation of Excel's IF function?
converting MATLAB code to Fortran
Bash Script on a Mac creates a info popup
Looking for recommendations on a good bash tutorial
is there are a way to write just next/prev spot link on wordpress?
How to limit a LINQ left outer join to one row
LinqToSQl and the  Member access not legal on type exception
Binding Qt to LLVM
Haskell. Strict application $!
Hibernate cannot recover after socket has timed out
How to work around the [1] IE bug while saving an excel file from a Web server ?
How do I see the contents of Qt objects during debugging?
Spring roo Vs (Wicket and Spring)
how to return variable from the function called by onreadystatechange=function()
Hibernate case-insensitive utf-8/unicode collation that works on multiple DBMS
non deprecated room of appending an element to a list in scala 2.7.5?
Drupal theme function not being overridden
how do i create a springiness 3 + tiles 2 webapp using rest-ful urls?
corrupted ajax result
Linq to Sql Deferred Loading
Orphaned instances in Haskell
WordPress development?
Whats the best way to create a Smart Part in SharePoint?
PyQt custom widget in c++
what's the right way to draw an image in the upper left niche on a mac?
Read and write from/to a binary file in Matlab
Magento get a product collection in an arbritrary order
cannot re-install apache 2.2 services on XP through xampp
parser combinator: how to terminate repeating on keyword
Objective c categories and performance?
sqlldr corrupts my primary key after the first commit
Get customer in Mage_Tax_Model_Calculation::getRate in magento
Export to excel in c#
how to display line rift in sharepoint comment history field
What's the best online tutorial for starting with Spring Python
Drupal How to get a view to display as columns rather than rows
Qt doesn't find QStackedWidgets' slot setCurrentWidget
Can one access TestContext in an AssemblyCleanup method?
Magento - zend - backend error
How can I find the  index of a row for a value in excel  Ã‰
How many Scala web-frameworks are there?
how to get a js png fix to work on ajax calls
[LINQ] EntitySet vs Table
Apache .htaccess hotlinking redirect
to do a substring using LINQ on a string, do I have to correct syntax?
Create a tag upon every build of the application?
What event fires if Excel VBA code execution is prematurely ended?
Virtual network interface in Mac OS X
Add fields to the Site information section on Drupal 6.12
maxElementsOnDisk from EHCache to TreeCache
How to store Blobs in Drupal?
wordpress enquiry posts into two divs
Is it possible to recreate IKEA's functionality using Ajax?
How can I attach a file using Wordpress custom fields / meta boxes?
Displaing list of categories and tags â€”Â Wordpress
why would spring's hibernatetemplate's loadall() method generate update for each row?
authentication fault when connecting accessing sharepoint list via web service
caching spring/hibernate webapp
Is there a way to list the functions in a module in GHCI?
how is this event class match pattern working?
programmatically instantiate a web parting page in sharepoint
How scope of variable defined/flows in MS SQL
double dubiousness in excl strings?
backtracking in haskell
App Servers vs. Spring
Oracle requests proxy
How to get a Wordpress widget to "remember" values.
Terminate running commands when shell script is killed
How do I use POST with ajax?
varargs puzzle?
how to get weights of numbers in excel in this problem
cocoa confirmation for updates
Scala downwards or decreasing for loop?
ajax pageboy part cargo and google.
Get the pages of a multipage meeting workspace
How to run parallel codes using QT ?
How should I create a global options in wordpress?
prototype - Replace & with &amp;
What is the size limit for a varchar2 procedure argument in Oracle 10g ?
renaming current module
oracle numeral problem: decimal to int64 cast
Cocoa - Return information from NSOperation
wp: redirect users to a certain category using cookie
SQL to replace smart quotes
Matlab: string finding
Does it exist an API for "International Settings" in Visual Studio?
ajax logging on any site
What's the Matlab equivalent of NULL, when it's calling COM/ActiveX methods?
How to filter posts with multiple category names in WordPress?
sharepoint document library generator
Manually highlight Wordpress admin menu item.
LINQ -- How do I perform aggregation without the "group by"
Apache mod-rewrite for shorter urls
include link list depending on category
LINQ to XML Newbie Question
How to change icon/emblem of a directory from bash
Is it possible to access Excel file through ADO.NET that does NOT have a Header Row?
How to find global position of text cursor?
Installing RMagick on Mac OS X with MacPorts
NSTextView with tokens
setOpaque:YES vs clearColor
linq group by a start time to endtime on DateTime Column
Kerberos user authentication in Apache
Send a command to a process
only update 1 pillar with linq
QtPython: removeChild/addChild QGroupBox
HTTP headers for jpg files after mod_rewrite
LINQ and a natural sort order...
Oracle SYS_GUID does not change
View Content of Deleted File Svn
problem in Spring session scope bean with AOP
Is Haskell really a purely functional language?
Naming convention of im2bw in MATLAB
Sharepoint: Person column in custom list
wordpress - how to make a page with no parent appear in a subnav menu
Installing Oracle 10 ODP.NET on Microsoft Windows 2008 Server 64bit
paging with oracle
How to return an error from .bat in Visual Studio project?
haskell and type definition of functions. dyad of questions.
Mac OS X. Switching between fullscreen and windowed mode.
add web part to PersonalViews.aspx in sharepoint
Using resource files in SharePoint MasterPages
Java on OS X: How to provide operations in the Services menu (NSServices)
java logging vs Log4j in Spring framework. Which one is the most suitable.
Dump Oracle table(s) data to INSERT statements
VisualBasic (or Applescript) Excel Sheet sorting with names
Drupal wizard form: Validation and previous button
how to access subversion from vaticinator pl/sql ?
Scala: splitting a list using a predicate for sublists
How to handle back browser button problem using spring?
Excel formula - auto sum for the same types
Hibernate Unable to Start On Large-Scale Database
Given a date range, count # of workdays per pay period the range falls in
Changing a hibernate many-many mapping based on software license flags
what is the dispute between a hash juncture and a merge join (oracle rdmbs )?
linq list of lists to single listing
magento working of paypal express checkout
Best way to migrate site content into a new SharePoint site
Bash: how to process variables from an input file?
Bringing in value of Coupon Code into calculation.php in magento.
failed to try function "permutations" in ghci , haskell
wss/moss growth ... where to draw the line?
How to free up a key combination in visual studio?
How to map a set of objects in Hibernate without primary keys being equally named?
How to use QMake's subdirs template?
linq to sql + update table
how do i conditionally add a line to apache .htaccess based on the domain?
The RSS Feed of Wordpress blog goes wild
Working around NSFileHandle NSTask blocking when passing large amounts of data
OSX equivalent of ShellExecute?
Why is Apache mod_rewrite not behaving as expected
Creating a workflow task generates an "Invalid field name" error
llv8call on mac os ecstasy - 2nd try
haskell vs. procedural programming in the real domain
SharePoint and Log4Net
Pulling in Magento Session Information is buggy
How can I use parMap with a monadic function?
How do I change which version of python mod_python uses
Reading multiple lines in bash without spawning a new subshell?
Proper stsadm commands to upadate SharePoint Solution/Feature
Exporting MySQL to Excel
Can one create Sized Types in Scala?
Access X11 display from empty environment (bash)
How do I change the Unit:Characters in Matlab?
Standard diff format in SVN
Accessing type members outside the class in Scala
How can I branch in SVN and have it branch my svn:external folders as well?
Problem with Hibernate find method
scala type organization : basic type mismatch
excel vba returning weird results with large calculation
Visual Studio on remote desktop from a Mac - any issues?
session with clustered instances of oracle application server
Why would SVN command line client freeze with no output on Win XP?
Getting the name of document that used to launch the application bundle on OS X
Can I pass an object's instance method to a method expecting a callback in Scala?
Project management: SharePoint vs activeCollab
AjaxControlToolkit Accordion and databinding
Spring MVC Date and CustomDateEditor problem on simple text Field.
Source code control policy
Sorting IQueryable by Aggregate in VB.net
In a bash script, how do I sanitize user input?
Sharing WordPress session cookie with MediaWiki
An SVN error (200 OK) when checking out from my online repo
Apache mod_rewrite only if request does not start with '/THEMES/'
Use local Git repository with a master Subversion repository.
Drupal: updating with Drush doesn't change update status
updating the edition number of all assembly in a solution
Drupal session  help needed...
AJax Testing - Add a delay
How do I find the correct case of a filename?
Haskell - how to cast types?
How to select which Matlab version to start from shell or Matlab startup?
How do I reference a "subset" or cells in an Excel Named Range?
Itaerate over a list, returning the current, next and the element before current
How do I do a deep copy of a node in LINQ to XML?
Qt: How to get the file/resource path for a QIcon
Access to restricted URI denied" code: "1012
Cast function for Hibernate
WordPress Business Directory - best approach
Splitting data into two classes visually in matlab
Drupal section accessible by role.
Self-extracting web environment
Getting the speaker audio signal and then streaming it out
commands from .bashrc not available in emacs
SVN?  VSS?  Why is one better than the other?
Drupal 6 parse incoming POST data
How to use ditto on OS X to work like cp -a on Linux
UnsatisfiedLinkError When Loading a Library from Java in MATLAB
Talking head library for Mac OS X
An unusual type signature
Magento SOAP API: fetching most sold products
scala -> use .net (linq) and java (various frameworks) in the same program?
Debug Qt application among dlls
When to use .First and when to use .FirstOrDefault with LINQ?
Adding a custom variable to get_posts
alias an url in apache in order to route petition on a certain url through a php-script
Searching two columns and returning value from third VBA
How do I save state with CALayers?
How do I escape the wildcard/asterisk character in bash?
How to find the named range of a cell - VSTO
Set User Setting at the Top right corner ( Drupal)
Problem parsing an XLS file with C#
i've a function updating database table using spring's jdbctemplate and for some reason there was exception that connective is read only u can not update any database related changes. how to resolve these problem?
Generating an infinite sequence in Haskell
Mini Project: Change the color of the terminal based on the time of day
Scala and tail recursion
Good articles for Sharepoint Web Part creation?
SVN: How to re-create a directory that's created but not committed yet
Apache is listening on a different port, but how do I get it so I don't have to type in the port number?
Is it bad practice to send an  actor a message from something which is not an actor?
Unable to locate Spring NamespaceHandler for XML schema namespace
Way to check whether TinyMCE is active in WordPress
Drupal: Multiple Node Creation
Apache rewrite based on subdomain
Mean filter in MATLAB without loops or signal processing toolbox
Sparkle Updater Framework
Generating Excel Files with VB6
NSTimeInterval to readable NSNumber
License to Distribute Matlab code
Lift and Eclipse RCP Integration
drupal - override form action?
Display Percentage or Amount of discount for catalog price rule in Magento
hibernate: projection of a many-to-one in a criteria
How do I build a Linq Expression Tree that does this?
What is your favorite Resharper/Visual Studio shortcut?
linq - is it possible with dynamic linq to dynamically speficy the from clause.
Why does running this query with EXECUTE IMMEDIATE cause it to fail?
Opening a non-standard URL in a Cocoa app
instantiate object with reflection using constructor arguments
Magento - Code Question
How do I get my fortran output into excel?
matlab in c c++ and c c++ in matlab
Hibernate ordering
[wordpress] Loop through a specific category on single.php
How is (==) defined in Haskell?
store data in a list definition sharepoint
User authentication on Resin webserver
Hibernate error: cannot resolve table
Visual Studio database project designers
Microsoft Dynamic CRM integration SharePoint
SharePoint "user does not exist or is not unique" error, on site restore
assigning random colors per session, for schmooze
Tracking down errors in Haskell
Find Text Cells That Are Too Small to Display Contents
How to define accessor method for default constructor parameter?
Qt Animation: Appearing & Disappearing Objects
Matlab GPU acceleration for loading large point cloud dataset
Manually iterating a line of a file | bash
While loop never ends
only update 1 column with linq
Simulate string split function in Excel formula
Best way to prevent changes on a branch with Subversion
hibernate one to many using something other than a primary keystone
Default permissions of /dev on Mac OS X 10.5.*
Using Ajax.Updater to get a javascript file (prototypejs)
ls only these file case using grep
how can i compare string in bash script?
"Live Preview" of a forum post or comment, like stackoverflow does
Temporary redirection of stderr in a bash script
Oracle: symbolic names and logical grouping for ORA-XXXXX codes?
What is the cheapest payment processing system for Magento?
Transactional Design Pattern
TortoiseSVN not asking for authentication?
How would you make a checkbox in a Outline View become checked when all it's children's checkbox's are checked?
Switch user and output variable contents
Capturing from java Iterators and Enumerators
Best practices for using version-controlling on Cocoa projects
Alternative way of implementing a groupBy method in Scala?
How to wrapp an Oracle stored procedure in a function that gets executed by a standard SELECT query?
Is it possible to add a method to a built-in type in Scala?
How do i synchronize (lock/unlock) access to a file in bash from multiple scripts?
Matlab postpones disp calls when doing demanding calculations why is that?
how to hide services item in qmenubar on mackintosh bone x?
How can I get notified when the user finishes editing a cell in an NSTableView?
TortoiseSVN compatibility mode
linq to sql LoadWith limiting fields returned
Distribute binary library on OSX
Regular expression with RedirectMatch does anything
Is do-notation specific to "base:GHC.Base.Monad"?
[Excel VBA]How to cast a shape object?
Executing same piece of code for multiple case values?
What is difference between DELETE_ORPHAN and DELETE ?
Why isn't this rewrite rule working?
what would I have to do to get the new HTML Editor ajax control to work as a sharepoint content editor webpart?
Merge contents of 2 Excel cells keeping character format intact (using VBA)
Adding Ribbon support to Excel COM Addin
spring annotation configration payoff
Replace output in a loop in bash scripting
Where to get a free country-region-city data base?
URL regex search and replace on MySQL (in WordPress)
My custom Wordpress plugin is ignoring the <!--more--> tag
Problems with ArrayList items and hibernate
Create order per product item on Magento [ask]
Tortoise SVN Author in Log File Missing
What exactly changed when QStandardItemModel itemChanged is signaled
Magento - Checking if a module is installed?
is fine grained control of aspectj-autoproxy possible in bound ?
Hiding a DIV in sidebar in Wordpress
can't login magento in local system in firefox
QT sqlite deploy exe
Exemplary open-source Spring projects
Python MySQL installing wrongly on Mac OS X 10.6 i386
What's best Drupal deployment strategy?
Wordpress include("../../../wp-blog-header"); failing
Is there any api for getting the value of UseCanonicalName in Apache WebServer?
How do I create efficient instance variable mutators in Matlab?
unable to have tty shift for ctrl-alt f1 and alt-f1...f6 in mac
Bash script to archive files and then copy new ones.
haskell - how can i check if turn is double/float?
Unable to start subversion using Launchctl
nonremittal using directives in new c# files
How to show grouped products thumbnails within Magento product detail view?
Excel addin development environment
Is scala functional programming slower than traditional coding?
accelerating Wheel - psychtoolbox in matlab
How do I export from MySQL to an Excel file in my PHP site?
In Drupal, how can I create a front page with a set of menus as the content?
Modal custom sheet not closing
Need help converting a nested SQL statement to LINQ
is there a native excel form which allows a range to be copied and sorts/filters applied?
Oracle PL/SQL - Are NO_DATA_FOUND Exceptions bad for stored procedure performance?
Drupal: theming category pages
Sub second request time logging
How to use scala.None from Java code
Adding non-model nodes to an NSTreeController
Spring applicationcontext loading hooks
JQGrid url action not firing when using Ajax.BeginForm
how to reduce linkage time for large projection written in native visual c++ ?
Local Temporary table in Oracle 10 (for the scope of Stored Procedure)
Which Haskell XML library to use?
magento non object in search
how do upload simulacrum remotely to drupal using the image module?
How to limit the number of users that can access a SharePoint site collection?
Apache with mod_dav_svn starts to consume a lot of memory
map url to controller
Visual Studio keeps adding blank lines
List of 'most popular' posts (based on # of views) â€” Wordpress
What columns stores the slug in wordpress
How do I use System.Net.WebRequest to access an .htaccess protected page?
Excel VBA to Oracle Algorithm
ODP.net Oracle Decimal Number precision problem when filling a dataset. Exception: Arithmetic operation resulted in an overflow
Avoiding sub-directory request rewrites with Apache mod_rewrite
hibernate grouping by sentence interval
How do I use Linq for paging a generic collection?
Unable to put a .txt -file to the end of another .txt -file
What is the best way to escape non-format characters in Oracle's to_char?
Oracle 10gr2: ensure timestamps are between 9am and 5pm
source.getline - the air index, first line is 1
Encoding special characters
loop in matrix using matlab
what is the best way of generating a xslx file on a network site? possibly with millions of rows?
Oracle Documentation Generation Tool.
magento paypal express having payoff with downloadable products
number of relic in bash variable
Basic Spring help
Mac OS. How to create PNG from array data?
handling and syncing own custom version of an open root library with svn
linq decree by for a list(of myobjects)
possible to create seer regular expression that's able to match null?
Change cursor in GL fullscreen on OSX using cocoa?
How to get the nth positional argument in bash?
Unable to move pictures from Desktop to a specifig folder
excluding commits by specific users from svn merge
Pattern matching functors in scala: mystified by warning
apache modrewrite refactor question
Executing a certain action for all elements in an Enumerable<T>
Working with date ranges in PHP/Oracle
Graphing special functions in Matlab (2D Bessel)
Qt: New student to Qt questions
how to change a column's attribute without affecting the values already present?
visual studio 2008 rootage control explorer with subversion
adding single.php page to wordpress or if consideration for main page or post detail page...
Are random numbers in Haskell strict?  Why does this program get a stack overflow?
Linq for java
What is a good reference for Server side development?
Any good C# code generator for using oracle stored procedures?
running ping with Qprocess, exit code always 2 if host reachable or not
Adding external library into Qt Creator project
Additional Email while checkout in magento
Drupal sharing content between two websites
Programatically bridge a QueueChannel to a MessageChannel in Spring
it is possible to run more then one app under mod_aspdotnet?
lamda denotation to combine lists
how to perform give validation in multiaction controller?
Linq to Sql query using "not in"
Creating New Accounts Remotely with Drupal
Why does one ADO.NET Excel query work and another does not?
Which Visual Studio Color Theme?
Webserver Log Analysis
Magento - Cronjob outside magento to update shipment status
hibernate post initialization
is this true? "Gzipped items will not have the same etags (even if the content did not change)"
Saving different csv files as different sheets in a single excel workbook
Wtf IE7 - AJAX calls using setTimeout
Why does subversion chown/recreate files on checkin?
Excel: Cannot Delete Pesky Drop Down from Sheet
Linking to SDL and other libraries in Haskell
wordpress: add a custom field pick that's available to all posts
Detecting if an Oracle Database is Installed
What are Scala continuations and why use them?
Ajax Popup alert
save game into image file in matlab: difference between saveas and print
Magento checkout.xml file not being recognised
How to get a list of product categories and their ID's from Magento?
Create a new field and update a content type (and all implementations)
Getting properies from SharePointWebControls
Mix HQL and SQL in the same query
mod rewrite /iran/iran/ to /iran/
How to Setup Multiple Authentication Types for 1 Subversion Repo?
Oracle join operator
Writing data back to SQL from Excel sheet
issues with a drupal pattern entry with a checkbox whose value is 0
Why Isn't My C Code Being Compiled To An EXE
Programmatically configure MATLAB
products not showing up in magento frontend
Unwanted SharePoint context menu
nested xml with linq in repeater
bash script carapace input
on GHC extensions
network bundle inspector in mac osx
How do I properly remove an svn:externals and replace it with a local (non-external) copy of the same directory?
DB backup problem with Spring/Hibernate GenerationType.AUTO
Returning Json data from Orchard Controller using Jquery Ajax
sharepoint permission floor in production for developers
Easiest way to extract the urls from an html page using sed or awk only.
How do I generate an SSL Certificate with Microsoft Certificate Services and then install / configure it to work with Apache?
How to return a 200 ok status programmatically to ajax request in PHP?
File Structure / Architecture for AJAX Site?
Using Spring, mapping to root in web.xml, static resources aren't found
Oracle Financials GL Import
change email content for new user in wordpress
Hibernate polymorphism: instantiating the right class
How to extract a meta tag from XML/HTML using Linq?
Problem managing session with multiple data sources
Why do AppleScript "tell" commands run a non-GUI instance of my GUI application in the background?
Adding up all the positive numbers in Excel
Spring MVC Custom Authentication
Drupal 'Send Email' advanced action
Pointer equality in Haskell?
Magento - How to display ALL PRODUCTS in the homepage?
When is a CGBitmapContext not a BitmapContext?
an svn wrongdoing (200 ok) when checking out from my online repo
mates url link from stimulus string
PreMade Webdesign and Drupal
how do i implement iwebpartfield.schema correctly when providing a string plain
Modifying WordPress's "post-new.php" File for Custom Blog Entries
Why would subversion timeout when I try to commit changes to a directory?
Oracle Java Stored Procedure Command-line Interaction
Problem with CSS on Wordpress
What is wrong with my definition of Zip in Haskell?
how can i translate schoolbook inside controller in spring framework 3 ?
can i insert a run into a qt event window?
ContextLoaderListener problem while spring is loading up
why doesn't scalac optimize tail recursion?
Concurrent sum
How do you keep the machine awake?
Qt or Delphi... If you were to choose one over the other?
What's so great about Scala?
Feeding a SharePoint Document Library Documents Stored on a Network Share
Apache mod_rewrite a subdomain to a subfolder (via internal redirect)
LINQ UpdateCheck on parent "LastUpdatedOn" field while updating children
best path for retrieving single record results in linq to sql
Code separation in AJAX applications
asp.net(c#) create excel worksheet, do i need excel installed on the server?
Is there an application that does two way sync of Magento and a billing software?
Will creating a new folder break subversion?
How to stop sound in MATLAB?
making a plot out of a lean of gunpoint
type depence in Haskell
JQuery Ajax Post results in 500 Internal Server Error
Help writing a DVB driver for OS X
Apache mod_rewrite going berserk - redirecting where it shouldn't
Sorting & Unique Records in Linq
unity want to use some matlab functions via .dlls and use them in c#, pls behaviour which fashion i can doing that!?
Does Oracle 10g automatically escape double quotes in recordsets?
QT: Hide the title bar of a dialog/window
ajax in each sentence or load everything at once
Move focus to newly added record in an NSTableView
Return type of "|" in Scala's parser combinators
Simple Question: How to make a bash script that creates 40 simultaneous instances of a program?
hibernate with prophesier jdbc issue
Unable to find release notes for Bash
Limit number of concurrent connections in Apache2
Comparing wildcards for equality in Haskell..?
Drawing massive amounts of data in NSView, or something else?
can i dynamically load additional spring constellation files into an existing webapplicationcontext?
mod_rewrite, avatar set up
Do I need to SubmitChanges after executing a stored procedure with Linq-To-Sql?
Using excel as UI without VB
cell and array in Matlab
SVN update command to target a single externals subfolder ?
Set a custom icon for a QAction when disabled
Custom List Definition using Document LIbrary
Pass list of variables to bash script
LINQ - Select all children from an object hierarchy
oracle 10g pl/sql- select effect as update column values
The most common pitfalls for a beginner Drupa user?
which visual studio vividness theme?
Run CMD equivalent in OSX?
Getting the absolute path of a command-line app on OS X
Can I unite matlab and autocad into one system
is it bad practice to send an actor a substance from something which is not an actor?
Oracle Database 10g VIEW performance
sangraal formremote redirects rather than to just call method
thread idaho in qt
Uploading images via FCKeditor in drupal
Using Drupal Views VS templating
Spring Security with EJBs
Quoting not respected inside a bash variable
Is OpenAtrium really slow?
hibernate: enabling lazy fetching in touchstone api
hibernate mysql transaction configuration issuing
How can I configure Apache and LDAP to allow a second authentication attempt?
Oracle - How does transaction, rollback segment and the undo_retention parameter work ?
using apache localisation directive to list folders from trac
I changed the permalink structure in my Wordpress blog. How can I redirect to a more robust URL structure??
What's a good way to write a Cocoa front-end to an Erlang application?
What is the limit of source repositories in Visual Source Safe 2005
hibernate crud Ã  louisiana ruby on rails' scaffolding
how do i index through a cocoa nsarray to draw a embodiment in quartz composer for every element in the array?
what is the maximum length of a table epithet in oracle?
visual studio addin growth - how to resolve the "the process cannot access the file" problem after exiting visual studio?
accessing sharepoint web overhaul over silverlight
What tool do you use for counting lines of source code in Visual Studio Projects ?
Magento: Several custom blocks all outputting the same code!
code inspection addin for visual studio
change widget's css class name for different category pages in wordpress
How to extract substring from a text file in bash?
append a text string to the left of all the cells of a column in excel 2002?
annotation based spring bean establishment
Magento - Strange symbol in the invoice's PDF
CruiseControl.net : Using SvnLabeller / SvnRevisionLabeller
mac console paste generating methedrine text
Trying to establish a connection
how do you overide a class that is called by another category with parent::method
jQuery $.get() not working in Drupal 6
Installed git on OS X; What should I add to my PATH?
How to delete zero components in a vector in Matlab?
Is it possible to change the step size of the built-in haskell range function or literal?
How would you make a Status Item show or Hide a window when clicked?
Customizing Magento Sidebar
Importing 3954275 Insert statements into Oracle 10g
Autostart spring app
bash/cygwin/$PATH:  Do I really have to reboot to alter $PATH?
Wordpress based website blocked by commercial proxy policies
os ex bash: dirname
what do the terms formBackingObject and ModelAttribute mean in Spring MVC?
Subversion server on 64-bit Windows?
file-level filesystem change notification in mac os ecstasy
how to prevent ordering certain products - or a category - from a specific country
What are the differences between using an iframe and ajax to include the contents of an external page?
Why always return null when call the method IQueryable.FirstOrDefault()?
wordpress shortcode problem
How do I prevent a subversion update with no changes from causing IIS from recompiling the website?
how can i make place files mandatory in spring?
ampersand problem with wordpress categories
Oracle Identify Data Type
Can I run Excel from a .cmd script with all macros enabled?
Battery status in OSX?
what's the right way to divide two int value to obtain a float?
bash script - select from database into variable
How can I access the ApplicationContext from within a JAX-WS web service?
create a product critique in magento
Hibernate-like framework for C++
EntitySet<IEnumerable<T>> to IEnumerable<T>
jquery,prototype,mootools altogether in magento
Matlab Simulink: Transfer Function
Best Practice: Collaborative Environment, Bin Directory, SVN
What is the best way to package and distribute an Excel application.
Adsense in a AJAX heavy webapp
oracle natural sum and count(1)
LINQ to DATASET update with a stored procedure
Debugging Apache Perl Script that Communicates over SSH Via Expect
Can Haskell's Parsec library be used to implement a recursive descent parser with backup?
many instances of apache get spawned with Passenger/Rails
mod_rewrite rule to redirect all requests except for one specific path
table and list view with single manakin in qt
Recording test data in Hibernate
Subversion not updating working copy properly
Accessing named fields in a Haskell function
Is there a more efficient way of making pagination in Hibernate than executing select and count queries?
High CPU usage when deploying content types via a SharePoint feature
Spring AOP vs AspectJ
Is there a way to package a dynamic library in the application binary?
This is asking a lot, I know, but: Help me translate this Glossary plugin for WP
showing 10 recent (same month/year?) item from a category (wordpress)
Ajax/Flash file uploads with a progress bar?
Overwriting / Overloading a controller class in Magento
linq join on mutliple property
eval is evil... so what should i employment instead?
how to get the System version?
jersey w/ leaping 3.0?
magento custom contact and insertion of form data
Explanation of â€œtying the knotâ€
Programmatic equivalent of "Visible at Launch" for NSWindows
sharepoint listing vs database board performance...
I have an exe setup file. I want to make it compatible with Mac OS.
Can apache be configured to ignore OPTIONS requests?
How can I derefence symbolic links in bash?
what to do about the solution explorer and getting around? hypnotism and improvements!
how could i make working self-hosted openid provider, connected to wordpress
Determine if a function exists in bash
HTTP communication monitoring on OS X
exit with echo and tab in bash
Spring + Hibernate JPA Question
Should my Scala actors' properties be marked @volatile?
using fft in matlab on multiple matrices of information to find difference within responses
Nested transactions in LINQ to SQL
Trouble with file location in excel/fortran dll connection
Where is Visual C++ Redistributable Installer in VS 2008?
How does TextMate draw it's own key equivalents in NSMenuItem
Are there any tools to convert Markdown documents to HTML en masse?
How to inject spring beans into a jsp 2.0 SimpleTag ?
Problem with sorting on child object in Hibernate when order-by is present in .hbm files ?
Haskell quiz: find words with a given suffix
Comparing Strings in Cocoa
Query multiple custom taxonomy terms in Wordpress 2.8?
Replacing CMNewProfileSearch with non-deprecated, 64-bit code
How do you authenticate against an Active Directory server using Spring Security?
Compiling a Delegate with Expression.Lambda() - Parameter Out Of Scope, but is it really?
How can implicits with multiple inputs be used in Scala?
Saving to SharePoint via WebDAV redirector. Getting new object ID and losing version history
Can Spring Webflow 2.0's entity manager commit from subflow states?
magento - layered nav - showing attribute based on previous filter
How to hide Excel window from a user
What type of webapp is the sweet spot for Scala's Lift framework?
Force library linking with Qt and google test
Sql server Newbie needs help
Are Http-Only cookies a viable option for an AJAX website?
Oracle - dynamic column name in select statement
Getting a CGImage out of a PDF file
Scala Concurrency slowing down
Spring Web Flow
how do i make tablet control take over entire window in qt creator?
Create guest order in the backend with magento
Abort a PL/SQL program
Accent and case insensitive COLLATE equivalent in Oracle
How to assign a heredoc value to a variable in Bash?
NSMutableArray count always returns zero
How to determine if a file exists in a Sharepoint SPFolder
How to make the window of the mac os app, that fitting to all types of monitors?
sitemesh and spring MVC decorator pattern problems
Parent Contexts in spring based web-app
cannot override a concrete member without a third member that's overridden by both
Is there a fast way to change tabindexes on a form with lots of controls?
Why oracle does not have autoincrement feature for primary keys?
Ajax: Load XML from different domain?
hibernate on oracle: mapping string property to clob pillar
program interaction and testing via smash script
Unable to open the Web site: http://.. Forbidden
Adding new column in Sales Order View Items in Magento Admin
Use 'map' and stuff on Scala Tuples?
Magento - Email Shipment = Default
How do I fix an oracle Table/Index row count mismatch
How to maintain separate svn repositories for the same project?
Qt, Submitting QSqlRecord to mysql database
IDictionary is Linq friendly? C# 3.0
A question about Scala Objects
Standard/good way to integrate AJAX and PHP
in magento 1.3.2 which file is responsible forstoring the data of payment gateway alternative like mastercard visa amex?
create a database with scala/lift and a simple interface to log in
how to obtain codesigned application certificate information
Excel Pivot table range reference
Competition random entry draw script
Matlab interview questions?
Adding Existing Form to C++/CLI WinForms Project
DeleteOnNull (Association attribute) for Linq to SQL in custom class?
hibernate: how to make hibernate delete records from child mesa when deleting parent if child is linked to parent with many-to-one?
Displaying information from matalb without a line feed
How to remove projects/ solutions from Recent Projects window in Visual Studio 2005
Excel Help: Sum or Count until?
How can I restrict the visibility of a custom list action to a newly defined group
Hibernate 2nd level cache not caching committed entities
export from wordpress to blogml
Apache Mod_Rewrite query string to standard url
is it possible to migrate a single component from one svn repository to another while preserving history?
Qt4 QNetworkManager Hangs
drupal, views: exposed filter.. how can i unselect all ticket ?
How to get system time in Haskell using Data.Time.Clock?
My jquery ajax form will not post
Number of Classes in a Visual Studio Solution
job in bound session scope bean with aop
Qt image format plugins
drupal wizard form: validation and previous push
LINQ Refactoring
setting up svn to best suit dev -> qa -> urging
howto: drupal file upload pattern
Hibernate set mapped to a 'sql select' table
How to reduce Scala (/ Java) startup overhead?
how can i create a instruction line (unix/linux) instruction that uses variables to execute numerous commands?
Delete all files/directories except two specific directories
Good Alternatives to Visual Studio Setup Projects
Qt for Symbian - odd network sockets behavior
SharePoint - Web part to view remote list
Is bash scripting still the way to go?
Do you have performance problems when you work on Visual Studio projects via a network share?
Ajax: wait X seconds before load
Setting error log filename in apache to include current date
Disable Spring URL resource loading in context file
Does oracle allow the uncommited read option?
Ajax Javascript show/hide works with JQuery 1.3.2 but not JQuery 1.4
Apache rewrite rule
magento move navigation block to above the cart/basket
Spring: Is there a simple non-web tutorial?
How do i get wp nonce value for my php libcurl script
Find next record in a set: LINQ
How to run Visual Studio post-build events for debug build only
How do I create subdomain redirects using .htaccess?
Unwrapping datatypes in Haskell without extraneous code
Ordinal Weekday Suffix Option for NSDateFormatter setDateFormat
How can I define a type in oracle11g that references a collection of that type?
how to get the filepath when drag it from finder to a webview?
publishing a website using svn export
how can i use svnlook functionality on client motorcar
Finding references in Visual Studio
How do I configure jEdit for Scala projects?
nargin vs exist
ASP.Net Ajax Photo Upload
Qt: How to show icon when item selected
How to change suffix: bundle into webplugin in the folder Products with Xcode Project?
How can I create a directory listing of a subversion repository.
static site apache and dynamic/member site django
HOWTO: rewrite requests for images, css and js to different folders for each application?
MATLAB MEX file: create N-D double matrix
Cannot set a breakpoint in aspx page running under WSS
NSBorderlessWindowMask Window wont show NSPanels if not front most window
Best setup for code promotion and feature branching in Subversion?
Drupal: customizing user registration workflow for communicating with another webapp
What is the equivalent of 'fread' from Matlab in Python?
Wordpress Comment Display Modification
wordpress custom subprogram for tabs creating duplicate tabs - simple php!
Some SharePoint pages serve as http in https environment
matlab simulacrum recess coordinates & referncing to cell arrays
Problem in running Junit tests in eclipse 3.4.1 on Mac OS
hindrance if mac process is running using bash by process name
How to use JUnit and Hibernate usefully?
perl JOIN-like behavior in Oracle?
Module 'eAccelerator' already loaded php warning
There is a Matlab editor/plugin/version with better code completion ?
can any one tell me which is the best way to learn leaping
Reverse AJAX? Can data changes be 'PUSHED' to script?
LINQ to SQL: Concurrency resolution
Lock screen by api in mac os X
Removing irrelevent directories with SVN
How to display only taxonomy terms with nodes associated to in Views 2?
Can a STP template be hidden from subsite creation page?
WordPress Loop Destroys Post Reference
Use Excel for calculations in  web app
no effect in spotlight in searches against kmditempath
linq external map to class library
What do you use the svn tags directory for anyways?
magento store management with external inventory management program
How do I check the active solution configuration Visual Studio built with at runtime?
How does one sum only those rows in excel not filtered out ?
What is the difference between a shared formula and an array formula?
ORA-01031: insufficient privileges creating JMS connection to Oracle topic
startup script fot Mac OS
SharePoint list.items.GetDataTable column names not match field names
How to use Spring to inject an object in a setter that doesnt follow the Java bean specification ?
datetime jinx format
what about the effect before order save in onepage checkout in magento 1.4?
unit of work in a java 'main' application
Oracle query to get Data from table inserted in last 10 mins.
Oracle: how to UPSERT (update or insert into a table?)
htaccess rewrite not working for all rules
Detecting changes to checkboxes via VBA
How to create drag and drop DMG file, Mac installer
Syncing a Core Data Model With A Web Service
Why does Haskell interpret my Num type as an Enum?
Using Different Hibernate User Types in Different Situations
how best to loop through an array taking into account of the index in matlab?
can you manually implement chocolate bindings?
Send An Action Cocoa - IBAction
Best short examples of the need for Excel VBA
qslider focus issuance (mac leopard) with qapplication::focuschanged(qwidget*,qwidget*)
Problems using window.opener
Reorder/shuffle values in a row/column in Excel.
How do I convince my team to drop sourcesafe and move to SVN?
how to sort through an association board in hibernate?
Visual Studio Solutions / Multiple project : How to effectively propagate project properties amongst several projects
How do you make a Outline View Re-Orderable like a Table View?
Configure mod_jk with  mod_rewrite
Haskell pattern matching - what is it?
how to do subquery in LINQ
Deploying custom Asp.net applications to same IIS site as Sharepoint
Scala: How to combine parser combinators from different objects
LinqDataSource and DateTime Format
Visual basic auto imports namespaces
How to create a netcat relay on OS X ?
Cannot access new product attributes in grid display
DebuggerDisplay Attribute does not work
Scala match decomposition on infix operator
How to migrate Drupal nodes from one installation to another, preserving revision history?
jquery ajax form and dynamically created shape elements not submitting
drupal theme() trouble
Sharepoint InputFormSection control look-a-like
how to attach an consequence receiver to a custom list in sharepoint?
Best location for database file in Mac OSX
Customized Drupal with pre-installed modules
"Shop By " Feature in category page magento
How are the classes in the Sketch example AppKit application separated into Models/Views/Controllers?
Hide link text from statusbar in wordpress
Apple Event Handler Failure (Python/AppScript)
Storing Dates in Oracle via Hibernate
cocoa: learn currently selected keyboard layout / input words
mod_rewrite: periods from URI gone in the query string
Speedup Matlab to C++ Conversion
magento 1.3.1 undefined alert misplay in checkout only for credit card but not for paypal
Cross Platform Development - Go with a Cross Platform UI Toolkit or Native on Multiple Platforms?
spring hibernate: save form object in relation
Accessing URL parameters in Oracle Forms / OC4J
matlab: matrix generation help
C++ class - Increment and decrement attribute every N milliseconds
Linq - How to aggregate the results of another query
Using change directory (cd) inside scripts - best practices
Is there a test suite for verifying a QT port?
How to designate a thread pool for actors
Spring JavaMailSenderImpl: where to set the charset?
calling Qt's QGraphicsView::setViewport with a custom QGLWidget
Can I install/update wordpress plugins without providing ftp access?
Spring JDBC RowMapper with Class Hiearchies
Is more ajax better for resources on a web app?
Sharepoint List View Settings
Executing a method from another class in java(and more)
what can cause intermittent ora-12519 (tns: no appropriate manager found) erroneousness
ORA-01031: insufficient privileges when creating package
What data type do I use for an integer in SOAP XML in Cocoa?
can two different site running on same host, share same database for storage and retrieval?
sharepoint site security: how can i monitor changes?
How to know which stored procedures are running in an Oracle database?
Apache Tiles 2.1.4 with CSS
Naming Tags (Wordpress)
Fastest way to navigate through files in TextMate?
Best tools for code reviews
Using Email Template in Spring
How can I get a list of products related to an invoice in magento?
autowire annotation in spring without using part scanning
Get NSIndexSet from NSArray
(QT/kdelib)  how to know the end of a command in KTerminalInterface?
ajax push and oull
Using an external "windows"-keyboard under Mac OS X
Protect excel file with java
BASH apache to seek particular file name
Magento - adding a new field to the product options in admin
persistence.xml ignores Hibernate and chooses DataNucleus
drupal and ubercart - add order that customer can pay for online? banknote customer's order without having them manually put it in their cart?
how can use the currently displayed node to filter a block-level perspective on that node's page?
visual studio 2008 source mastery for small teams
Running Word from a SharePoint Workflow
Write a Haskell interpreter in Haskell
Can I construct a BigInt with any byte array (Scala)?
magento payment process.. how it works in general
SPWorkflowTaskProperties.ExtendedProperties arenâ€™t populating the fields in my task
Can two different sites running on same host, share same database for storage and retrieval?
Drupal workflow action access integrated with taxonomy access control?
Using find function on columns and rows in matlab
Why is method overloading not defined for different return types?
Hibernate/Spring: Persisting collections
SVN admin can create folders, but can't delete them
Show home in breadcrumb navgation in Document Library in My Site in SharePoint
Wordpress with JQuery with PHP Service Endpoint with SQLite
Core data, NSArrayContainer Arraycontent of many arrays
add aw blog link to magento top fare
Magento - javascript reliance = huge usability issues
colorbox integration in magento
Kill random process with name
Php include using ajax
What are good video tutorials for Hibernate ?
Bash Scripting: I want to open a set of .php files, and add line before html tag
How to Introduce jquery auto complete for drupal5
How do I change the admin header color in Magento?
What is context in Haskell multiparameter type class
Is it possible to call .NET code from Excel 2007?
Possible pitfalls on a multilingual Drupal site?
Getting the pid of a job launched in the background remotely
Learning AppleScript
Calculating the maximum distance between elements of vector in Matlab
BlueHost vs. VNhosting for Drupal
.NET: How to retrieve the body of an Oracle 9i PL/SQL procedure or function
scala Iterable#map vs. Iterable#flatMap
Absolute file paths in mod_rewrite - allowed?
Haskell: scary type signature
Add Solution Folder for VS 2008?
How do I show an embedded excel file in a WebPage?
OneToOne Mapping with hibernate/JBoss/Seam
How do I enable applets on Mac Firefox 3.0.1?
DSUM: How to define the criteria range using braces?
[Excel/VBA] Determining the size of a merged area
apache rescript with implicit redirection.
drupal 6 - views2 - how to build a prospect of non-nodes
Having some confusion with LINQ
how should asp.net(mvc) server return erroneousness to jquery ajax call to be caught in error callback?
Write a shell script that find-greps and outputs filename and content in 1 line
Scala: Whats the best way to do numeric operations in generic classes?
Drop-down list in Excel cell
How to control TCP_NODELAY setting for Scala remote actor ?
Oracle: What exactly do quotation marks around the table name do?
Why is the + operator for List deprecated in Scala?
excel xml, how can i get excel to display my datetime plain in yyyy-mm-dd format?
LINQ OrderBy Name ThenBy ChildrenCollection.Name
In Visual Studio (2008) is there a way to have a custom dependent file on another custom file?
List of existentially quantified values in Haskell
Magento Checkout success page product price and SKU retrival
Excel Smart Tags
which method of checking to see if a nsdictionary contains a particular cay is faster?
Magento - How to check if a product has already been removed from the cart
If scala scaled well for Twitter, would jruby have done the same?
Hibernate: Criteria vs. HQL
Hibernate list operation question
Your experience with Scala+Wicket
What is the difference between an Operator and a function in Haskell?
QT: kill current process?
googlemap-like drag and zoom
handling hibernate UnsupportedOperationException: Can't write to a readonly object
Getting 'Data source is an invalid type' when binding Linq query to Gridview
How do I find the number of times a file was revised in subversion?
How to expose a constructor variable(sic!) as read-only?
Sharepoint StateMachine : Handling multiple responses to multiple created tasks
Shell script for adjusting image size
htaccess file restriction
Strategies for designing a database (being accessed by hibernate) which will have alot of archivial data.
Bash prompt in OS X terminal broken
Display ALL categories that a product belongs to in Magento
Problem installing haskel-platform
Why would "/id" as a HTTP GET parameter would be a security breach ?
configurable vs component with spring and aspectj
handling servlet output in ajax
howto create an ajax popup form and submit the grade
Handling conflicts in SVN with Tortoise?
Make apache automatically strip off the www.?
"shop by " feature in class page magento
best forking stragetgy when doing continuous integration?
Querying Oracle with a pick list
Ajax Asynchronous in IE - Error "The Data Necessary to Complete This Operation is Not Yet Available"
Can a WordPress blog pull content from Django pages?
Linux and clipboard
How do you make an etag that matches Apache?
Are there any known issues of VS 2003/2005 and 2008 coexisting?
Why doesn't this match?
hibernate order by association
How do I get the next item in a subset of an ordered table using linq?
Is there any way to make a dual executable file for Mac/Windows?
Adding slashes to the end of directories + more (htaccess)
How to add a web part zone in SharePoint using SharePoint Designer
Massive URL Change
QT UI for existing C++ project
What does the parantheses signify in (x:xs) when pattern matching?
Object Oriented Model on top of LINQ to SQL
Return background color of selected cell
os x appliance scroll issue
NSString to FSRef conversion doesn't work
How can I fill in a Sharepoint List edit form offline using Windows Mobile 5.0 Quickly?
LINQ: Distinct values
Excel, OleDb, and Leading zeros
Overlapping labels in Qt fridge magnets example
SharePoint List Pre-Population
excel group with hidden rows
Custom comment form in CCK template
how to add magento thingamajig in static block
Sharepoint - Question on renaming folders
How to turn off authoring information for a drupal page
How can i interchange the row and column of an input data in matlab
Customizing Drupal user account form
How to undo an 'svn copy'
customise a sharepoint list bod into sections/tabs/pages
Database connection management in Spring
monitoring bash handwriting won't terminate
Safari plugin development
restrict apache to only allow access using ssl for some directory
Which XML parser for XML is better?
Can I run two web servers on the same computer?
Multiple simultaneous posts to DB with Linq
committing binary to svn
How do I set up an asp.net mvc app with Subversion?
spring and the anemic domain modelling
verboseCheck in QuickCheck 2?
footrace command when bash script is stopped
What does "trait A <: B" mean?
Why don't browsers let you open a regular connection instead of Ajax or Comet?
Spring Security 3.0- Customise basic http Authentication Dialog
Excel Pivot
In Haskell, is there (Num a) => infinity :: a ?
sharepoint - placard and retrieving files automatically via vbscript
can visual studio automatically expand text with a codification snippet?
Optimizing Oracle instances
Open Source Card Games or books for Objective-C/Cocoa?
Excel - Open Multiple Windows and Tile on Sheet Tab Click
Cocoa - Communication from child view to parent view
LINQ to SQL in Visual Studio 2005
Why magento does not provide Guide or Manual for developers?
Should I use GHC Haskell extensions or not?
how can i show new products per run-in from specific categories in magento?
Is ODP.NET required for Oracle 11g Client?
forms called by ajax
Cocoa QTKit and recording movies
Projections.count() and Projections.countDistinct() both result in the same query
Unresponsive Cancel Button on VBA Userform
volume row transfer between oracle databases with a select filter
How to remove spacebar action from QToolButton
spring and stripes certificate design
Why would I make an all-optional message protocol?
JOIN and LEFT JOIN equivalent in LINQ
Is Oracle RDBMS more stable, secure, robust, etc. than MySQL RDBMS?
how to determine a matrix is empty or not in matlab programming?
first tier hibernate cache , modify record directly at db
Is LinqToSQL the same as Linq?
How do I bind an ASP.net ajax AccordionPane to an XMLDatasource?
How to integrate Scala language with Spring Security
Qt::Tool window diassapears when application become inactive.
SharePoint 2007 Log Viewer
Wordpress Admin Plugin
What's event that Visual Studio 2008 do after post build event?
Does Visual Studio have anything like Borland's CodeGuard?
Missing/disappearing Drupal tabs
How to design "blackbox" with state in Haskell?
How do you handle code promotion in a Sharepoint environment?
Drupal : How to add javascript function on click event of a cck check box ?
How to find default crawling account for all shared service providers in MOSS
How do I write a script to ssh to a computer from a remote computer?
Update autoselect value option dynamically using Ajax.InPlaceCollectionEditor
Avoiding explicit recursion in Haskell
UTF 8 from Oracle tables
Hibernate Save strange behaviour
matlab script editing
Safeguard against forgetting to configure transactions in spring
what stop type for left pillar in magento theme?
importing matlab subroutine in matlab
Panel page URL - Need to access named arguments
What about the event before order save in onepage checkout in Magento 1.4?
"Lazy IO" in Haskell?
Why is Visual C++ lacking refactor functionality?
Customizing gallery layout in Drupal with Views and CCK
using custom response header to help detect site transportation
problems with Haskell's Number Types
Matlab: how to find functions on path that use a given function
SharePoint WSS 3.0 Integration with Mac OSX (either Safari or Firefox)
What do you use to develop for PowerShell?
Scala traits and implicit conversion confusion
How to open a launch NSWindow in Cocoa on a button click
Equality with zero in Excel
Finding a specific character in a string in Matlab
How can I automate the process of deploying an InfoPath Form to SharePoint Server 2007?
Difference between Matlab's matrix notation
drupal 6 can we write a php file in drupal which changes the headers
Accessing Web Services via AJAX?
Finding a pattern and extracting it into another file using sed in BASH
Press alt + numeric in bash and you get (arg [numeric]) what is that?
How do I test for an Oracle connection
Custom Events in Magento
Handling "Open Document" (odoc) events in Snow Leopard
Retrieving and loading third level refferenced classes through HQL
magento - add links to footer but not to top navigational menu
iPhone SDK on PowerPC?
Houghlines in Matlab
Scala contiguous match
import csv/excel file into magento database
QtEmbedded (for Kindle!): How are the device plugins supposed to get feedback from the app?
initialise a var in scala
Coding a Mac OS X terminal emulator?
gcc without xcode on osmium x
bash : how to use screen to have a term session used at home after work?
How do I use calculated value date in Sharepoint lists field to find a date+30 days?
Add a cart link (with number of items) in the sidebar in Magento.
wordpress root not displaying when activated on production server, but will display on development environment
What's the best way to persuade my employer to move from VSS to Subversion?
add column to wordpress database
svn + repostiory location
huge svn checkout makes apache (dav_svn) consumed all memory on server - any tips?
Excel reading in ASP.NET : Data not being read if column has different data formats
How to make disconnected objects connected by adding a shortest path using MATLAB?
Linq to objects nested group-by
How can I suppress the output due to a SIGSEGV or a SIGFPE in a Fortran 90 program?
Letting users create customized Bundles in Magento.
How to encrypt and decrypt a file with Qt/C++?
Using .pri files in Qt
SharePoint - find the sitetemplate value of a WSP template?
apache modrewrite .htaccess inquiry
installing pygobject on macintosh for python 2.6
Custom URL rewrite in wordpress
Can a query from an Oracle to a DB2 through a dblink block the DB2 table?
Help making my root directory not executable for CGI scripts
Customizing Search Results Display in Sharepoint Services 3.0 Wiki
Nice small simple real life programming example in Haskell?
linq - how combine conditions in a join statement
Scala 2.8 - Potential problem with named arguments
What's the difference in the Visual Studio integration tools for QT?
custom form with Drupal - CCK and simple module - what next?
Matlab tutorial for programmers
How can an app tell if it's running on a hackintosh?
Customize the way a Drupal Menu looks like from my Theme
Complex form design in Sharepoint
Hide NSWindowToolbarButton
How to password protect files (images, video, zip) dynamically from public and allow access to members only?
Functional Reactive Programming in Scala
Sharepoint direcory list
Does "Select New" in linq trigger an evaluation / load?
Oracle date
what's the next measure to learning haskell after monads?
MATLAB + JNI = error?
Accessing value from expression
hibernate and spring persistance problem.  Possible identity value not incremented?
Scala HMAC-SHA1 signing?
How to pass a class object from Scala to Java?
drupal (+cck) permission based on related node field
Can I get ORA-08177 if there's only one connection to the database?
A First Chance Exception
Apache Proxy 503 error :*(
why would svn command line client freeze with no output on winnings xp?
Getting data into MATLAB from HTTPS
Pre-build events for Visual Studio Deployment projects?
SharePoint 404 page
Using QT with Directx
How can I look for the duplicate values in a certain field in a spreadsheet ?
Dynamically loading a part of a Window in Cocoa
Evaluate Oracle Expression
MagentoCommerce development environment domain issue
Cocoa - Suggested techniques for debugging binding problems between XCode and Interface Builder
Why is my comparing if statement not working?
Modify Address Bar URL in AJAX App to Match Current State
Why does my content change when running in Apache XAMPP?
Hibernate - changing connection string during runtime
Removing an array dimension where the elements sum to zero
Bind macro to excel cell onclick?
how to create a tray icon with custom trope using qt?
QTableView - what signal is send when user selects a row by clicking to it?
Add-In for Visual Studio - How to access solution explorer
iframes vs ajax
remove old backup files
Cocoa menu with images
What is the easiest way to import an excel sheet into mysql
resources of mackintosh development
haskell: how do i define the types my function can take as parameters? and how do i accession unnamed variables in a data structure?
bash handwriting with find command drops me to bash shell
firefox cache path construction mac bone x
Thread.join not behaving as I expected in scala
Cocoa/Objective-C NSProcessInfo weirdness...
When should I use $ (and can it always be replaced with parentheses)?
Hibernate Save Object Question
How does OrderBy in LINQ works (behind the scenes)?
How to preallocate an array of  class in MATLAB?
PortalSiteMapProvider causing excessive SPRequest objects
What happened to the TMP environment variable?
View Reduction Steps in Haskell
How to heighlight occurences of a search term in text in Visual Studio?
Meaning of (+) in SQL queries
Identify a table with maximum rows in Oracle
Reading SWF Header with Objective-C
Replace (translate) one char to many
What's the best Mac custom disk image creation app?
Spring JSR303 validation doesn't work like described in Spring Documentation
correct way to force an invoice e-mail to be sent to a exploiter in ubercart?
good subroutine and techniques for dealing with haskell tuples?
how to change default page for a site in Sharepoint using Team Definition?
Open source Objective-C projects with high quality code?
How to redirect different sub domain requests to different port
ldconfig for Mac OS X
stack flood in ocaml and f# but not in haskell
Integrating Apache and Restlet server like Apache and Tomcat
Allow PHP inside form
SpreadsheetGear fonts look blurred compared to Excel
autocommit and @Transactional and Cascading with spring, jpa and hibernate
How to trigger an event on payment received in magento?
how do i combine setting axes demarcation and zooming in a matlab plot?
Haskell: Composing two error-raising functions
Is it possible to refer to column names via bind variables in Oracle?
What is the @package compiler directive for in Cocoa?
Inserting multiple rows into Oracle
Keyboard and mouse event transparent widget
How to make a keyboard shortcut to close dialog with Xcode/Interface Builder?
Can I see a log of who did what with my subversion server?
mod_rewrite works in .htaccess files but not in apache2.conf
implement zip using foldr
fault while sending mail
Tidying up a list
Getting TortoiseSVN to set a file's modified time to the timestamp of the latest revision
Matlab: Filling a matrix with each column being the same
How to prevent hackers from exploiting Apache ->Sites-available -> Default file
2 Oracle Question
Highlight Current Page in Wordpress
generate vector emf/wmf (windows metafile) clipboard subject from qt 4.5
sorting variable multidimensional arrays
How to add greater than/less than to Hibernate filters
AJAX modal dialog, fire onload if referer == <whatever>
NSString into NSData
Spring bean initialized on web app starts up
How is skill building for Sharepoint different from ASP.NET?
Understanding why "pimp my library" was defined that way in Scala
How to show full nodes in views in Drupal 6?
how to track multiple svn branches in git
Is it safe to assume that Spring MessageSource implementations are thread-safe?
problem with MATLAB imread()
Turn in Matlab a line into a matrix
apache mod_rewrite one rule for any issue of possibilities
Modifying Webform module
Configuring Subversion to use system users/passwords
linq count returned solution
proper room to autowire a hibernate session in a spring transaction junit test
Guard is skipped when it should not be.
visual studio 2008 - is hand coding ~80% of the time too much?
User-friendly approach for network streaming, playing and seeking of audio in Mac OS X
how to force an order of cell valuation on excel
Linq Select Compound From
understanding ajax a bit more
Magenot: Difference between loading product through collection than product model
read dimension values with linq
MATLAB: pre-allocation of matrix yields error
adding luger to a movie
what are the various "build action" setting in vs.net project properties and what do they do?
Is there a way to maintain IsAjaxRequest() across RedirectToAction?
Creating a Core Data Inverse Relationship
search multiple php files, and replace textbook ?
In Magento how to show custom attribute in product grid ..?
How to perform date operations in hibernate HQL
Lists in Haskell : data type or abstract data type?
Wordpress + VMware CSS path problem
Identifiers in a Diamond Relationship between Tables
How To add another constructor with parameter in linq class(Table)
Which would you rather use: VisualSVN or AnkhSVN?
How can I use the /home directory on Mac OS X
Problems commiting deleted directory to SVN repository
How to get Program Files Path in Visual Studio configuration
Drupal Dynamic Select on a Form
How do I left join tables in unidirectional many-to-one in Hibernate?
How to XML configure Spring bean for constructor injection when bean has varargs constructor
confusion over class declaration in oracle java stored procedures
Qt: Python tcp client sends data over socket. How to read these bytes with Qt ?
soap and fountain
SharePoint List Error: "Value does not fall within the expected range"
how can i function map and receive an index as well in scala?
Suppress Drupal status messages by role?
how to get a quantitative comparison of two signal
Revert a whole directory in tortoise svn?
Launchd Relaunch App on Quit
How do I include parameters in a bash alias?
How to ensure that  methods called from same thread use the same DB session
How to import .class file in jsp page which is not in standard library?
is there a agency to conditionally run visual studio post build steps
Is the syntax for the Wordpress style.css template element available anywhere?
getting excel 2003 to interpret a pasted number with leading nix as text (works fine in 2007)
Force subversion not to merge specific files
How Can You Generate a Makefile from an XCode Project?
Basic authentication with Qt (QNetworkAccessManager).
Transfer List with Attachments from SharePoint 2003 to SharePoint 2007
linq question: querying nested collections
Best way to select the id of the matching row with the most recent timestamp
Remove Apache
Accesing A NSArray.
Show price inc VAT for UK users only
What is the best Drupal Survey module
Hibernate increment starting number
how does sharepoint overhaul 3.0 search work ?
Querying a timestamp column from LINQ to SQL
get catagory property in frontend
Hibernate Mapping Package
function gens and parameters in matlab variables
Can I inject an interface subtype in Spring?
What are the long-term effects of reorganising a subversion repository
Wordpress Error - Needs a fix
bash: filter away consecutive lines from schoolbook file
drupal impost module - menu hook using query string
How to call portions of Magento into an external CMS, such as "item's in cart" or a "login form" in 1.4.
Scala Regex enable Multiline option
Using bash command line, how to add "import package.name.*;" to many java files?
Disable designer in Visual Studio?
How to programmatically add Security to a Spring Bean
Beginner LINQ to XML inline XML error
best spring/hibernate shape for never changing tables
Should you register new extensions with Apple?
how to log in a Drupal user (or get currently-logged in user) from Flash?
Prevent "MATLAB" folder in My Documents
how can i tell if 1 have uncommitted work in an vaticinator transaction?
How to convert a DB2 date-time string into an Excel Date
Replacing characters with numbers in Haskell
Whats the best way to send QStrings in a function call?
Visual Studio Refactoring: Remove Structured IF/End If
limit number of concurrent connecter in apache2
How do I get a list of the window titles on the Mac OSX?
WordPress: Problem with the shortcode regex
"magento tax zones & rates": how to incorporate store position and price dependencies for tax rates
Qt Widget being resized twice upon initialization?
problem filtering mousePressEvent with installEventFilter
Magento - Multiselect color attribute
what advantages MATLAB has over SCILAB and vice versa ?
Haskell equivalent of Python's "Construct"
Faces conversion service is not found for converting 'dataModel'
variety background color of solution explorer in visual studio
Can I start with a string and instantiate an object of that string?
Haskell sort funtion
Can you help me center a "ul" element with CSS?
Deploying Control Adapters in SharePoint
how to add remember me subroutine at custom login box ?
Updating WebPart Properties using RunWithElevatedPrivileges in MOSS 2007
how to  insert a tr which is deleted from another table using jquery and ajax
Narrowing problem with Spring MVC annotation-based controller and @RequestMapping
Implementing a KVO/Bindings-Compliant Bridge-Pattern in Cocoa
Scala type system : basic type mismatch
Get rid of NewApplication in a dynamic way?
how can i automatically quote or radical commandline argument for alias in bash?
Drupal form validation not working for me
Does Scala AnyRef.clone perform a shallow or deep copy?
QTCreator's integrated form editor won't load custom widget plugins (Designer does)
migrating a quality based oracle form
SO how to make MAC recognize linux BASH?
sharepoint webpart with caml and xslt
Neural Network Input Bias in MATLAB
scala 2.8 implict coffee collecting conversions
intercepting keystroke in osx
Add specific directories to bash find command
Get revision number of a remote repository
Why would an Oracle synonym return a different number of rows to the underlying table?
oracle sqlplus command line question
JQuery AJAX Web Service call on SSL WebServer
Bash: Extract last parameter from "$@"
Wordpress: Does exists some simple code to retrieve the page when inserting the ID to form input?
Get Criteria by associationPath
LINQ IEnumerable Where Not Finding Element
Excel column names
scala: type variableness and pattern matching between two equal types
Magento: Add a "fake" product to cart/quote
Can someone explain these errors to me?
svn accident, overwrote some key changes in my file and commited to repository. can it be recovered?
Using text formatting in Matlab custom data tips
Regex.MatchData returning null: why not Option[String]?
How to direct link to an attribute set?
Looking for an alternative matlab editor.
best room to get started with mac development
Scala: set a field value having itÂ´s name in a  string
Wordpress Category Link get_category_link(id)
How to tell whether a dylib is compiled for 10.6 or 10.5?
How to use CurrentSessionContext/SpringSessionContext along with HibernateDaoSupport to intercept calls to getCurrentSession()
Customization of hook function
0x800a03ec when calling Select on an Excel range (IRange). Range was returned from the worksheet's usedrange.
Things to watch out for in moving from Oracle Express to the Real Deal?
magento stock management with external inventory management program
Oracle how to export query to a text/csv file
Avoiding code repetition when using LINQ
Wordpress htaccess in root overriding htaccess in subdomain. Subdomain app not working now.
URL rewriting in Wordpress
Is there an analogue to Qt's QCanvas in Windows Forms?
Spring + Thread safe singletons
301 Redirect with query string and domain name in Apache
How to make a C# 'grep' more Functional using LINQ?
SharePoint: How can I perform a series of operations within a transaction?
How do I get my dependenices inject using @Configurable in conjunction with readResolve()
Enabling Save for an NSDocument
is there a way to put get the url of the site in cosmos in the onet.xml file?
Accessing control, ajax, asp.net
Oracle - Best SELECT statement for getting the difference in minutes between two DateTime columns?
.htaccess & Wordpress: Exclude folder from RewriteRule
wordpress external javascript file for inline editor plugin?
is haskell mature enough for developing commerical entanglement applications?
Matlab multiple graph types inside one graph
SharePoint 2007 Calendar - Remove Time
DataContxet reusing connection
get the title of all stake
Using Magento Methods to write Insert Queries with care for SQL Injection
Java Project Configuration
Spring - best way to deal with binding to a list of beans in a simpleformcontroller
Apache Mod-Rewrite Primers?
Using the result of a command as an argument in bash?
When to create Interface Builder plug-in for custom view?
qfiledialog: adding propagation automatically when saving file?
How to create an NSString with one random letter?
How do I fix this apache error log issue? Mod Deflate
Oracle pl-sql escape character (for a '?')
Make Visual Studio understand CamelCase when hitting ctrl and cursor keys
How to automatically sort a QTreeWidget column?
cannot find class manifest for factor eccentric t
Table Cell renderer using Nimbus and Scala
Multiplying numbers on horizontal, vertial, and diagonal lines
Finding index of element in a list in Haskell
How to select a subset of rows of a QTableView that match certain criteria?
How to make a sub string selection and concatenation in excel ?
Renaming files in Matlab
How do I extend scala.swing?
converting xll addin functionality to a native vb module : problem refreshing pattern
Updating your blog from a localhost version
show category double with link in magento
Cocoa Controllers - best practice for notifying on completion, for disposal?
Encrypting data in Cocoa, decoding in PHP (and vice versa)
MATLAB "C" DLL Errors
asp.net ajax 4.0 with MVC -externalize templates
Is there any best practices for Visual Studio Project/Solution Structure?
drupal is allowing viewing of unpublished subject
Qt library event loop problems
Using NOT LIKE in Filter property of VBA recordset
Can Visual Studio be made to debug child processes like WinDBG?
how can i find the rewrite history of the file that was deleted and then resubmitted to svn?
Highlight NSToolbarItems
How I can disable the second-level cache of some certain entities in Hibernate with changing annotations
MOSS 2007 Crawl
What does the Subversion status symbol "~" mean?
If a Matlab function returns a variable number of values, how can I get all of them as a cellarray, for instance?
mangento in postgres or prophesier database ?
hibernate auto join conditions
How to get Hibernate configuration properties?
apache mod_proxy_html on Ubuntu ProxyHTMLEnable not working
How do I convert a variable to a string?
Excel charts - setting series end dynamically
how do i create a magento module or appliance that will appear on the shopping cart page?
AJAX/NPH Scripts under Apache 2.2.9 - without the nph-name preface?
502 Bad Gateway... invalid response from upstream server (apache and jboss)
How do you use git svn?
MATLAB "bug" (or really weird behavior)
creating an empty txt file on mac os without opening an covering first
QT question: What is the purpose of the *.pro file?
FxCop on build (Visual Studio 2008 Professional)
Is there any Wicket-like web framwork to use with Scala (not lift)?
Show a list of words repetited in haskell
Automatically enforcing a max database table size by dropping old rows
generate contour given x, y and zed vectors
svn+apache per directory accession control: weird permissions issue (403 forbidden error)
Multiple views and source list in a Core Data app
How to get all tables that have FKs to another table?
how do i specify case for haskell's set builder notation ?
Returning Oracle ref cursor and appending multiple results
how to attach an event receiver to a custom list in sharepoint?
Drupal: Display success/error message
Contextual code generation in Visual C# 2008?
is odersky serious with "bills !*&^%~ code!" ?
Adding Sort Keys and Filter to Oracle Stored Procedure
running spring program inside covering server
Zero Downtime with Hibernate
MySQL Install: ERROR: Failed to build gem native extension.
for eyelet using find lacks doesn't properly handle directory names having white space character
Adding a subview below my UITableView
Properties framework in java apps
Keep a stream from fstream open through member functions
Mixing Visual Studio versions OK?
any estimate for running qt signals/slots over network?
paste to codepad.org using bash or curl
What are some good books for learning Haskell (and/or OCaml/ML) in particular, and functional programming style in general?
display an image pulled from sharepoint using xslt
Wordpress page navigation
Is there  a way to get coordinates relative to the innermost NSView when the parent is not the window?
wordpress not including javascript on generated page.
Create SQL Database and add to project using Visual Studio
Amcharts rendering data incorrectly.
.NET Sharepoint Create Directory
How Can I Check an Object to See its Type and Return A Casted Object
Unable to install Meld by MacPorts
Wordpress static home page dynamic posts page url rewrite
Do PHP 4.4.9 based applications run on PHP 5.2.0 flawlessly?
Using SVN to lock documents for editing and update notifications
SharePoint remembering changed password
ajax request :document.getElementByID('txtHint).innerHTML
Hibernate bi-directional many-to-many cascade confusion
How do I disable warnings being flagged as errors in XCode
wordpress custom function for tabs creating duplicate tabs - simple php!
how to chain ajax calls in rails? a series of calls to be executed, depending on the consequence of the first call.
mixing on and using within one junction
apparent remembering leak in web covering (maybe from ajax?)
Export Orders from Magento for shipment
In a spring configuration, what is the difference between using name vs id?
Why does the dialog I created in Leopard look terrible in Tiger?
sharepoint as a high volume info system
How do I set the don't cache header for an html file using apache?
Why does Oracle think I'm missing a right parenthesis?
Matlab strcat function troubles with spaces
is it possible to have comments without blog stake in wordpress?
Identifier for win64 configuration in Qmake
Ajax, Check for updates,  Same_origin_policy
Should I add the Visual Studio .suo and .user files to source control
Any open source Spring sample project that's bigger than PetClinic?
SVN (mod_dav) 403 FORBIDDEN OPTION request
How to recreate an oracle 9i database from backup files (ora files)
Introduction to vectorizing in MATLAB - any good tutorials?
Cocoa screen capturing?
get scriptaculous slideup burden to work with rubyonrails
Implementation of Drupal Memcache in custom modules
Matlab matrix replacement assignment gives error
Scala and HttpClient: How do I resolve this error?
Magento: find products without images (no image)
spring enabled web lotion
Excel VBA pastelink run-time error 1004: Application-defined or object-defined error.
intercepting keystrokes in OSX
what is the best practice regarding source code managment ?
Custom email forms in Magento
Vector to Matrix syntax in Matlab...
bash: tee output AND capture exit status
MATLAB: dealing with java.lang.String
Writing a formula to a cell with OpenXLS
Test if Spring Scope is active
What's wrong with this linq query??
How to get every Nth element of an infinite list in Haskell?
possible to save a guest using a multi-step form?
Better (non-linear) binning
NSString color
How do you combine filter conditions
how do i sort a file in place using bang shell?
What is Apache process model?
how do i override nserror presentation when dressing is involved?
How do I escape a reserved word in oracle
linq | date | minus with matching outcome
not a valid billet add in
run oracle update statements in a muckle mode
Testing simultaneous calls to transactional service
Observing an NSMutableArray for insertion/removal
Where are Magento's Admin Controllers?
Hibernate Delete Cascade
How do I create a Cocoa window programmatically?
Better way to make a bash script self-tracing?
How to "flatten" or "collapse" a 2D Excel table into 1D?
Hibernate database connection configuration
how do i see the contents of qt objective during debugging?
asp.net(c#)  Create Excel Worksheet, do i need Excel installed on the server?
how can i ensure a belt string is alphanumeric, without an underscore?
Drawbacks to using Lift (Scala-based framework) for webservices?
Using items in the background of a QGraphicsScene
implementing audit trail- bounce aop vs.hibernate interceptor vs db trigger
Should I add a new SVN repository or a new folder ?
How to read the background color of a cell through a (ruby) script from Microsoft Excel on Mac Osx?
IDispose - Visual Studio
How do I rewrite this hibernate-mapping with annotations?
Trac vs FogBugz
best way to synchronize multiple excel files to ms entree table
Try to svn checkout, but get: svn: '.' is already a working copy for a different URL
Sharepoint, Create View, Filter Properties
Sharepoint workflows does not start
How to I rename a file using the SharePoint web services?
Scala: how to merge a collection of Maps
How can I dynamically create a selector at runtime with Objective-C?
htcaccess - ModRewrite
Custom color settings in VS.NET editor for current line when in debug mode
How do I print all the queries in Magento?
Spring ApplicationContext Bean Scope
bitwise exclusive OR in Oracle
Customizing Visual Studio's Intellisense
How to unit-test a file writing method with Visual Studio's built-in automated tests?
open and read excel from a linux based cytosine program?
how to mask part of an double in matlab ?
Hide Drupal nodes from search.
How to modify existing excel file using PHP?
how to plot large datum transmitter accurately at all zoom levels in real time?
how can I best display a list of affiliate links in Drupal?
How to let the user switch language in playframework 2
Where can you find the C# Language Specifications?
Can anyone point me to Spring MVC, Tiles, Freemarker integration example?
How to use Java Collections.shuffle() on a Scala array?
Improve my Haskell implementation of Filter
Apache .htaccess vs httpd - does it really matter?
How to do GUI for bash scripts?
How to create a lookup column that targets a Doc Lib and uses the 'Name' of the document?
save plot into image file in matlab: difference between saveas and print
ADO.NET Entity Framework - LINQ to multiple dbms
Cell Array appending in Matlab.
logging user agent info on login with spring certificate
HQL : Getting the primary key of an object.
Apache+PHP write permissions on unix
Where is the 'Autos' view in msdev 2005 ?
With Apache httpd, how do I configure no caching for a given UserAgent?
mod_rewrite to a directory
QTextCodec subclass - how to register my codec
C# Ranking of objects, multiple criteria
how can i categorize the content eccentric on the drupal "create content" page (/node/add)
scala import coffee package appending com
LINQ (or anything) to add items from an objects list to the objects row in a datagrid?
Rotation about the Y-Axis
How to make ajax faster and a ajax loaded Reply text field like on orkut
Delete a file after user download prompt
how can i get category detail on shipping.php page in magento
haskell secpar parsing a list
how to translate email template in magento?
loop doesnt employment without alert() in ajax readystate()
How can you draw a bezier curve in Matlab
How do I get a list of folder names, which have Chinese names, into an excel sheet?
How are Scala closures transformed to Java objects?
Auto number column in SharePoint list
airstream condition when calling fsdeleteobject
change spot of currency selector in magento
Good ways to Learn Cocoa?
scala reflection: getDeclaringTrait ?
How do I make Apache know which app directory to use for different domains?
Start Up Question..
differences between matlab 4.2c and the lastest ace
Running a Socket Server in Cocoa
spring - @ContextConfiguration fail to load config file in src/test/resources
Haskell library like SymPy?
An efficient technique to replace an occurence in a sequence with mutable or immutable state
Hibernate fetching strategy - when to use "join" and when to use "select"?
production not showing up in magento frontend
Changing the x-axis of seqlogo figures in matlab
Core Location in OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard
How do I get spring to inject my EntityManager?
Create a view that displays node count?
What to do with â€œInferred type is less polymorphic than expectedâ€?
How can I make my C++ ActiveX control print nicely in Excel?
Corner Cases, Unexpected and Unusual Matlab
How to get a SharePoint-UserField with JavaScript ?
What is meant by Scala's path-dependent types?
Running Visual Studio in Parallels for mac - problem with debugging sites lying in os x
Sending Excel to user through ASP.NET
Problem with nesting in Text.XHtml library with Haskell
apache+php write permit on unix
status bar on tush of window that looks like interface builder
Why would a database trigger be invalid in an oracle DB?
Is there a simple way to restore widget sizes in Qt?
Selecting, Grouping on child list -> Single statement requested.
how to specify connective handout modes in hibernate?
Excel Floating Point Arihmetic - What Type Does It Actually Use
creating usage pages with jquery php
magento - how to add/remove links on my report navication?
Get short user name from full name
How do you make a multi-module spring configuration ?
Updating List Elements, Haskell
Is it possible to aggregate information from portal list to My Site
Matlab: preallocate a non-numeric vector?
Skip reading strings in matlab
How to make a Scala Applet whose Applet class is a singleton?
Conditional median in MS Excel
Haskell: Creating Type Classes for Zippers
are there any known issues of five 2003/2005 and 2008 coexisting?
Find declaration and definition of function using bash
Conversion tool for MS-Excel spreadsheets with macros and VB to Oracle?
why use a web service with linq to sql?
Create or replace role?
Opening a VS 2003 C++ project in VS 2008
creating an excel macro to sum air with duplicate values
Using Option all over the place feels a bit awkward. Am I doing something wrong?
Visual Studio Move current document to the left.
Multiply a 3D matrix with a 2D matrix
Excel - bottom border if text is present?
can i reformat html in visual studio without removing space lines ?
Conditional .htaccess RewriteRule parameter
Theming language translation links in Drupal
How do I restore Apache and PHP to Leopard defaults?
Best practictes for configuring Apache / Tomcat
How the Scala script that reads 5G log file from network drive should be modified in order to read last x lines (like 'tail' in Unix)?
excel: charting with unknown number of data
Type patterns in Haskell
Your Favorite LINQ-to-Objects Queries
Is there a way to use OLE DB Provider for Jet on an unsaved Excel workbook?
configure apache 6 with mysql
Matching multiple data type constructors at once
recommendations, thoughts, tips and tricks, or peanut on moving from wordpress to django
After setting up the svnserve Server, what URL will the client use to access the server?
How to make an iTunes like (playlists, library) left-sided (collapsible) navigation bar?
Examples of AJAX Server-Side Script in C?
Mutliplatform application: (Automated) Testing for Mac OSX howto?
Can I have a hit-point in VisualStudio that skips lines?
have svn automatically detect your exploiter credentials?
Subversion: Tag and commit modified files at once
Using AJAX to load WordPress pages
Cocoa -/+ declarations
What is the best way of generating a xslx file on a web site? Possibly with millions of rows?
Apache Perl http headers problem
Pros and Cons of LINQ (Language-Integrated Query)
How to set "Folders" properties in Sharepoint View
I want to implement right click menus on QTWidgetItems
Adding a custom member to a mapped type
Indenting Bash Script Output
How to get a distinct result, but return another column in the select?
How to use Hibernate @Any-related annotataions?
Apache mod_rewrite and PHP ?argument=something
secure Oracle connection from java applet
Combo Box Item comparison and compiler warnings
Execute SQL SP in Excel VBA
How to Convert SQL server to Oracle ?
ajax error - "permission denied"
user group gets page access
*** glibc detected ***  double free or corruption (fasttop):
Changing the font in Aquamacs?
using subversion with a really really big site
How to use sed to test and then edit one line of input?
Magento Installment Payments?
Configure Apache to recover from mod_python errors
Use two databases concurrently in Hibernate
Haskell Write Computation result to file
Wordpress Custom Plug (how to call multiple javascript files)
Cut Polygon Function in Matlab
Importing matlab functions in matlab
Implementation of excel's ROUND function
linq to dataset, distinct by multiple tower
Performance Benchmarking for Apache Nutch
Learning Haskell, care to help out?
qsqlquery with international char does not return a result
Linq Selecting Distinct From Four IEnumerable Lists
the administration section where i post blogs. the textarea height is set to 209px how to change this?
Best practice for SVN tags?
is info about drupal r signups available?
How to write that special select query
Excel Doesn't Auto-Fit 45Âº Text
Worth switching to zsh for casual use?
Test if a data distribution follows a Gaussian distribution in MATLAB
How to clear the console in Matlab
What is the best way to implement syntax highlighting of source code in Cocoa?
Svn full dump (moving servers)
Magento payment process giving problem
bash scripting trouble
Anyone ever flip (<$>)
Spring MVC DefaultRequestToViewNameTranslator capitalization issue
What's the minimum version of OS X that supports File System Events?
Visual Studio & SubVersion : What about Machine Specific Files
Deploying InfoPath forms to different SharePoint servers
Read entire file in Scala?
Re-Initializing "ThisWorkbook.Path"
Spring and view resolvers
Find the differences between 2 excel worksheets?
wordpress not working when using apache virtual horde
Randomizing arg order for a bash for statement
Getting Kind mis-match error when trying to use existential quantification
Isn't AJAX on pageload a bad thing?
Copy html content from iframe into Div (AJAX) ?
create table reversion engineering in oracle
cck remote file (image) field - I want to keep the cached copy of the image when the node is deleted
How do you turn on a hibernate filter for a particular entity by default?
Are there any API to turn on DXVA in Mac OSX
Hibernate: OutOfMemoryError persisting Blob when printing log message
What is your favorite Visual Studio add-in/setting.
haskell meshing parcel documentation
Is there a good reason to configure hibernate with XML rather than via annotations?
Drupal Login using  parameters for login and password in url
Why does Qt include empty class definitions of existing classes in the header files?
Oracle Rollback Segments and ADO.NET
SVN Merge changes made on FTP into working copy
Wordpress, get ID's of multiple categories from the URL
Hibernate: Identifier
drupal cck field level visibleness
LINQ WHERE query problem in C#
spike in my inverse fourier transform.
Nested Linq crashes intellisense
Running Python & Django on IIS
Deploy a resource file to App_GlobalResource folder on activation
Cocoa Won't Capture Shift Modifier?
When are two columns that look the same not the same in oracle?
changing Mac keychain Password programatically?
Track inventory for add custom options in add simple product.
Is it possible to change the content type on nodes in Drupal 6?
URLEncode from a bash script
monads and impost traversal subprogram in haskell
ajax alert box with visitor retention - any examples?
Why can't I debug?
How do I tell when a CUPS print jobs has been completed plus info about that job?
PyObjc and Cocoa on Snow Leopard
popularity of widget in magento.
AJAX - when user leaves page - good or bad practice/implementation?
Segmentation fault operating a camera with MATLAB
Better way of calling a function in child thread in Qt?
scala specs don't exit when testing actors
Spring: I wish to create a junit test for a web application - WebApplicationContext needed
replacing typelibs for moment
Setting up the SharePoint+Silverlight Blueprint Colleague View Web Part
Condition to check whether cell is readonly in EXCEL using C#
Dependency Injection into your Singleton
OpenGL / C++ / Qt - Advice needed
How to Execute Subversion Post-Commit Trigger Without New Changeset?
How to inject MessageSource to a View extending AbstractView
ajax requests synchronous cinque asynchronous
XAMPP and WAMP in the LAMP, whats the best ?
[OSX .app] How to reference Resources folder in code
Can the SVN and HTTP protocols be used safely on the same repository simultaneously?
How can I use the Scala program schema2src?
List potential applications that could open a file
SharePoint 2007 Analytics Package.
How to login to wordpress programmatically?
Can I limit the size of the array in scala?
What's the best way to manage a classic asp front-end using Visual Studio 2008?
Check if Mac process is running using Bash by process name
Object reference not set to an instance of object error
Type parameters versus member types in Scala
oracle 11g sql select max integer value of varchar editorial
Apple documentation a bit lite?  tips?
Force Apache HTTPD to run in 32bit
Subversion: prevent local modifications to one file from being committed?
Magento Layered Navigation Categories
Referencing an Excel address within a cell, but also additional text
Qt and serial port programming
Does Linq and projects like i4o make object oriented DBs a viable alternateive to relational DBs?
Wordpress SEO Features
Controlling how custom field types are rendered when exported to spreadsheet
What is the correct directory layout for a web server under Mac OS X?
Wordpress database migration
Magento losing cart / add to cart failing
How to subclass an object with a var in its primary constructor
Drupal: How to theme node add/edit page for specific node type?
bash: start multiple chained commands in ground
Is there a .NET port of Drupal?
pagination missing in Magento catalogue page
oracle sys_connect_by_path hitting 4000 persona limitation
How would you migrate hundreds of MS Access databases to a central service?
how to dump (print) an OSDictionary to the console / log?
Does the order of cases matter in PHP switch statements?
How to select specific fields with aliases using joinTable or joinField in Magento
matlab avail content for an abstract method
Use list item on Master Page
"Information Not Found" page in Visual Studio 2008, VB.NET Express Edition
has anyone been able to get sharepoint using ntlm working with calamary as a reverse proxy?
Getting started with Spring 3 Web MVC - Setting everything up
How to call Magento Api method in another api class?
sharepoint content case data driven
Is there a LINQ library for C++?
howto use wordpress sub pages to view posts?
Moveable type images not displayed
what does the yield mean?
Why is my cocoa program getting EXC_BAD_ACCESS during startup?
What are my options for running Java 6 on OS X?
display resulst from a question with php (wordpress)
Capturing multiple line output to a bash variable
add urls to lean of urls to send pingbacks to in wordpress
automatically execute an Excel macro on a cell change
How can I get the Hibernate Configuration object from Spring?
How to find out Subversion repository version?
Bash loop - tokenize on lines rather than words
Qt widget disobeys drop in Windows
Save blob to DB using hibernate
"Phantom" directories in an SVN repository
What is an effective way to  track, identify and report every 'error message raised by your application similar to Oracle's ORA-00237 database error codes?
Simple tooltip plugin/js for rails
parsing a line in smash
how can I find the parameters of matrix-equation in matlab?
Get the indices of the n largest elements in a matrix
"browser back" possible without reloading page (AJAX)
wordpress lightbox verandah by office
How to check in a bash script if something is running and exit if it is.
SVN Error - 501 Not Implemented Commit Failed
How do I change the URL for the wordpress author archive page?
scala and html: download an paradigm (*.jpg, ect) to hard drive
Where to open sessions in a Spring/Hibernate stack?
Underscore before theme name
Java/Scala (deep) collections interoperability
How do I project to a dictionary with a custom type using Linq to SQL?
QUrl does not parse host name with underscore
Is there an easy way to clone the structure of a table in Oracle?
it gives me error while converting grid data to excel
Drupal permissions not showing for custom content type
Hibernate  -gett the size of a list in a property
What is annotations and how do it actually works for frameworks like Spring ?
Magento: Differences between an extension and a module?
How to assign certificates to excel macros programmatically
Scala: when are singleton objects constructed?
HIbernate FetchMode Joine
Decoupling backing store with Spring Web MVC
how to delete entry in content database while delete list particular
expression trees linq get value of a parameter ?
why does apache return a 503 erroneousness for ant's get task, but not for my browser?
oracle link problem on mac osx: "status : failure -test failed: io exception: the network adapter could not establish the connection"
Spring AOP: applying properties through the aspect
Visual Studio Hosting Process and "The operation could not be completed"
what are the advantages/disadvantages of using oracle auto segment blank management?
Can we use union in hibernate
Scala errors in Eclipse 3.5 using Scala 2.8.0b, "Syntax error on token String"
What happens to my app when my Mac goes to sleep?
Visual Studio to Make
Writing a pre-commit hook using SharpSvn. Does it lack svnlook propget?
spring tilt beans by type
LINES and COLUMNS environmental variables lost in a script
How to disable personal contact form option in drupal user account creation.
Sleeping actors?
Importing and normalising XML with Hibernate
Hibernate one to zero or one mapping
Create a mac dashboard widget compatible with 32-bit and 64-bit systems
magento - display same block multiple meter on cms page
cancel or abort ajax call in ie 6,7,8
Magento "File was not uploaded"
magento customer creation and guest to be converted to regular customer
Multiple Session Factories under Spring/Hibernate
RHEL/Apache ssl.conf configuration problem
Ambiguous type variable
Java Execution Context Class Explain
Notifying subclass of QAbstractItemModel about changes
global properties in spring
regular expression in haskell
EntityManager.merge inserts duplicate entities
How to configure Apache to proxy exactly one file?
String manipulation with Excel - how to remove part of a string if another part is there?
Sorting MultiValue data numerically OR alphabetically - LINQ to SQL and C#3.
Bash script does not continue to read the next line of file
Apache Benchmark - Randomized querystrings?
'mod' and -1 in haskell
Parallelize Bash Script
How to build a dmg Mac OS X file (on a non-Mac platform)?
Apache mod_rewrite to catch XML requests
what folder should my coating write its launchd file?
How to pass a command line switch to XCode when I start 'Build and Debug'
return background color of selected cellphone
Apache+SVN Setup - Receiving Forbidden on some SVN requests but not all
hibernate query that order an attribute based on a nested path.
Parse players currently in lobby
Problem connecting to Oracle database via ASP.NET page under IIS
What is the Best Way to Perform Timestamp Comparison in Bash
list all alerting within a sharepoint site without using the sharepoint api?
adding libraries in /usr to xcode
Bash || within if []; block
Overlay/Join two collections with Linq
How to resize a matrix in matlab
Creating a "Universities Attended" Profile field/block (Drupal)
Require new password on first login to Wordpress.
hibernate annotating for postgresql serial type
Compiling MatLab 2009b applications to Windows Executables
Bash: Delete until a specific file
Need help with Continuations-Error "found cps expression in non-cps position"
magento database structure ????
wordpress: check if there are previous spot before displaying link
get router mac (without scheme call for arp) in objective-c
how do i copy a range into a temp workbook and return a citation to it with a vba function?
colored build output in Visual Studio
In Subversion, is it possible to merge back changes made in a branch of a branch?
changing / maintaining regions in magento
Changing the Admin Theme in Drupal 6 Directly in Database
drupal: load view template on module activation
Obtaining a Mac's System Profiler data from shell
My Magento Extension Install Script Will Not Run
Start the H2 database in server mode via Spring
Getting the last revision number in SVN?
mod_rewrite lawsuit apache to crash with rewritemap prg directive
MATLAB - printing graph with different output names
Using generic methods with implicit type conversion
Excek VBA worksheet.names vs worksheet.range
access bean name in customs method interceptor
Apache mod rewrite simple redirect
Qt, set background images loaded from disk
Drupal: The selected file intersection.png could not be uploaded.
SIGPIPE Exception
Changing Design For All Module Pages In Magento
How does Spring for Python compare with Spring for Java
how do i resize qtableview so that the domain is not scrolled anymore
What is/are the Scala way(s) to implement this Java "byte[] to Hex" class
How do you determine Daylight Savings Time in VBA?
Null value cannot be assigned - LINQ query question
how do you simply add new tradition rewrites to the .htaccess of a wordpress without fail?
keep pitting of wrapped air in visual studio 2008
Using Apache's mod_auth across multiple sub-domains for single sign-on?
dynamically replace html shred
Print a string in matlab in color
how do i reuse painting in qt
Extending SharePoint Breadcrumbs across multiple site collections
how to avoid hardcoded orbit names in hql, hibernate?
Restore SVN backups from multiple files.
putting the last command's wall time in bash prompt
How to use p4merge as the merge/diff tool for Mercurial?
mini project: change the color of the terminal based on the meter of day
how do i set the itinerary on mac permanently (specifically for subversion upgrade)
Cocoa: Dictionary with enum keys?
How do I tell if a file does not exist in bash?
Jquery, Ajax form and redirection
Debugging Cocoa app
Iterate over list in haskell?
How to force SharePoint tasks to be editable by "Assigned To" only?
How should I use this SetSPN command when installing SharePoint
QT: why is foreach iterating with a const reference ?
why co-cocoa pr-programmers st-stutter...
SharePoint admin
How to strink matrix using array mask in Matlab?
Bash output as Applescript list problems.
How to set OS X Terminal's default home?
Using hibernate 2nd level cache or query cache for lazy fetch queries
Unable to make a if-else loop for google-books in Bash
schema2ddl generates wrong datatype for YesNoType
How to provision a custom page without using the _layouts directory
Problem with incomplete input when using Attoparsec
How to - From Unfuddle to a local SVN server.
Can Visual Studio 2010 Beta be installed side by side with VS2008?
Which maven modules to include for spring 3.0?
Hibernate calls flush on find- causes not-null error
xls to text converter
Oracle Server performance monitoring tools
How can I pre-compress files with mod_deflate in Apache 2.x?
Best SVN Tools
Hibernate (with annotations) - how to get started
memory not freed in matlab?
How to use dll's in the same directory as an excel file
Where is Visual Studio COM project template?
Real time video capture??
How can I reset addAttributeToFilter in Magento searches
hurry up !! Matlab
symbols or caseful classes for sending content to scala actors?
use scala to unit trial java?
Sharepoint Workflow Modification is not disabled
How to make Multilevel Drop down navigation in wordpress theme ?
making a leaning of divisors in haskell
Apache mod rewrite ruleset
Change A cell address to row,column in Excel sheet
Mac OS X: Where should I store common application data?
In QT, for a context menu item, how to hide the space of the icon
linq to entity duplicate record issuance
Inserting a link to another post in Wordpress
debug in matlab
Scala Eclipse IDE suddenly ignoring breakpoints
Disable/Cancel Sleep Command on MacOSX
Why browsers sometimes render site bad?
What's the best/fastest/easiest way to collapse all projects in Visual Studio?
In-memory mime-type detection with Cocoa (OS X)?
how to iterate in snap framework without cabal install
how does type discount work in haskell?
Is there a pattern using Linq to dynamically create a filter?
Better way to access tuple(other than match case)
Scala best way of turning a Collection into a Map-by-key?
SharePoint: How to apply a custmised masterpage to Sharepoint build-in search results page (OSSSearchResults.aspx)
hibernate function with a descriminator
Redirecting bash stdout/stderr to two places?
PL/SQL Evaluation Order
Automatically compile any Java class when the file is dropped in a directory
Magento adding new options to a drop down attribute.
Can I read line from a heredoc in bash?
Debugging NSObjectInaccessibleException - The NSManagedObject with ID:0x123456789  has been invalidated
Accessing SPWorkflowStatus from an SPListItem
Finding the path of a mounted network share on Mac OS X
-bash: ./configure: no such file or directory - mysql install on osx10.6
How to avoid storing passwords in the clear for tomcat's server.xml Resource definition of a DataSource?
Haskell Function Cheat Sheet
navXT breadcrumbs plugin for wordpress, hide post title
QApplication
How do I use the current date in an HQL query with an Oracle database?
How can a cell's background color be set other than the obvious Cell shading property?
What is the best way to initialize a bean?
how can implicits with multiple remark be used in scala?
Changing the root_dir on a magento system
Array Constants in Excel
Modify an Excel sheet from Matlab
Is there a way to view relationships in Oracle SQL Developer?
How do I get the "Publish Website" command to emit PDB files for my Visual Studio 2005 Web Site project?
Where can  I change the HTMl template for a Sharepoint notification?
Can MOSS 2007 integrate with multiple LDAP/AD stores?
How to enable context menu on a VerticalHeaderItem inside a QTableWidget?
What is the difference between the Project and SVN workingDirectory config Blocks in CruiseControl.NET
How to do custom-query based collection mappings in Hibernate?
LINQy way to check if any objects in a collection have the same property value
"Lights Out" Automated Scheduled Batch Creation of Excel Workbook?
How do I rank nodes based on user-rating, number of comments etc. in Drupal 6
When programatically creating a DSN for an Oracle database how can I reliably tell the driver name?
Oracle DB: How can I write query ignoring case?
SharePoint: Problem Exporting Versioned List to Excel
what's the best way to use username/password auth in a ruby book in os x?
Creating "pretty" Qt Custom Widgets
301 all 404s to homepage
how do you map mac baptistry to windows fonts
Why this simple hibernate sample doesn't work?
What is the "Task group" field in a SharePoint Task list for?
MATLAB: comparing 2 columns content
java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: main when starting HelloWorld with Eclipse Scala plugin
haskell speculative parallel murder
Why doesn't the JPA spec (including 2.0) or Hibernate extension allow u to specify a generator e.g. Oracle sequence for the @Version annotation
Resources for Unit Testing Cocoa Applications
Representing multiple ordering through Spring @RequestParam
oracle connections job
Magento customer webservice / api
Bind Exclude Asp.net MVC doesn't work on LINQ Entity
Extract filename and extension in bash
continue on error in grommet
How do I forward parameters to other command in bash script?
Error in hibernate constraint
search all fields in all board for a specific value (oracle)
Linq, VB - Anonymous type cannot be converted to anonymous type.
Drupal: create content in popup/lightbox?
Making the folder unmanaged by SVN
getting valuue from ms access pattern from excel vba.
How do you output a line break in the command view in Matlab when running a m-file?
Spring - Rewrite one URL to another
Matlab generate random numbers
Why does Spring's @Configurable sometimes work and sometimes not?
why is the springsource.com website built in drupal?
excel: list ranges targeted by indirect recipe
Get parent web not top level
ListTemplateOwner
Overriding wp_get_archives for a theme in Wordpress
using bash to get revision number from subversion
Linq sub list Problem
Removing directories with spaces with bash
Is there a public source code repository for the Official Mac Github.com client?
Converting SQL Server date format to Oracle
AJAX HTTPHandler not updating image
vba: querying admission with excel. why so slow?
Apache virtual directory without redirect
API to write huge excel files using java
Use an XML File with a Feature
Opinion of Hosted SVN providers?
Apache giving a 400 Error on a FastCGI VirtualHost
Magento- custom attribute causes blank order number.
ExpressionType.Quote
oracle question optimization
flex putz for mac
Working on a Visual Studio Project with multiple users?
install wordpress on subdomain or subdirectory on another server
How to make a custom NSFormatter work correctly on Snow Leopard?
generating nicely formatted excel files in ASP.net without having Excel on server
AJAX request from one subdomain to another subdomain, but on the same domain
how do i roll back all or parting of a commit to svn?
How to get position inside a select statement
Visual Studio Debugging/Building
How do you serve a file without leaving the page?
Pattern matching for lambda expressions
Country name based themeing system on  Magento
does the order of lawsuit matter in php switch statements?
Linq and comparing two date columns
Copy document libary sharepoint 2003 include history
svn:list all checked in file
How to permit update of a view's results in Oracle?
sharepoint navigation url in all uppercase letters
Delete all files but keep all directories in a bash script?
What is the Scala equivalent of Java's ClassName.class?
How to associate external files with an assembly
Programming Excel
Sharepoint Calculated column formula for date-time comparison
How to create a vcproj with qmake such that it contains customized filters?
same bean id on different xml file, will it merge?
Where to start with Magento?
Hierarchy in Qt [C++]
Where is my Drupal View pager?
spring component scan for classes
Drupal - General means for finding templates?
embedding an application (in this case a terminal) within a QT application
Anyone using "database projects" in Visual Studio? Never heard people even mentioning them. Are they so bad?
Wordpress style stats for regular pages
How to fix apache2 timestamps, incorrect values
Creating lazily initialized Spring beans using annotation based configuration
C++ FileIO Pointer Leak error
MATLAB function for 'does matrix contain value X?' (ala php's in_array())
How to permanently remove a breakpoint in Visual Studio 2005 /2008 (ASP.NET, C#)
mackintosh browsers - is ie5.5 for the mac officially dead?
Cocoa/iPhone: BackgroundColor and Opaque Properties
Excel sum with relative positions
Learning ASP.NET MVC on Mac OS X
Magento - Custom Payment Module
drupal: add contact form as airfield to user profile
Magento Connect is not working after migration
can abybody explain the structure of apache server.......
How do I create a status dialog box in Excel
What is the correct procedure to install a Drupal security patch?
best strategy for branching svn code and maintaining visual studio projection references
if .bash_profile usually source .bashrc any way, why not just use .bashrc ?
Excel / Quickbooks data to c#
Updating NSTableView in an instance of NSCollectionViewItem
Whats the best way to get multiple instances of an application to run in Apache Tomcat?
Unpacking tuple types in scala
Referencing beans in xml config created via Annotations
linq: deviation between 'select c' and 'select new (c...'
how to display image from raiment of colors data in qt?
Does this linq query runs on every iteration of the for-each loop?
In Haskell, what does it mean if a binding "shadows an existing binding"?
What do end-of-line commas do in Matlab?
car close qmessagebox
HTTP compression - How to send precompressed files that exist in a EAR file?
Tab-Key blocks Circumflex (^)
is it possible to have packagemaker build an installer without "packaging" the contentedness at build time?
Apache <Files> with Require to exempt certain Files
wordpress plugin, access $wpdb on non visible page
Getting to the managed objects in NSTableView
Appkit examples on OSX 10.6
Guidance on creating non conflicting workflows
How many temporary extents is my oracle 10g session using?
How does one reproduce the inset text style when drawing text with Mac OS X Cocoa?
Python Qt: embedded html bug?
Web application deployment to limited user population
scala programming question
svn revision number
programatically create web application & u-boat site
In Drupal, can you control block display according to e.g. number of URL parts?
Need help converting apache .htaccess code to lighttpd url_rewrite code
Cocoa Interface Builder's 'Attributes Inspector' like window
Excel Interop Formatting Issues
shut off htmlpurifier upgrade message
Correct owner/group/permissions for Apache 2 vhosts files/folders under Mac OS X (10.6)?
Reducted funtionality using FBA in sharepoint
How do I join tables on non-primary key columns in secondary tables?
Get current playing song using Cocoa
How do I add per item personalisation options to the cart page of Magento?
change post date on a wordpress post
Calculating Connection/Download Speed
what is the difference between an operator and a map in haskell?
ODBC connect with propritary driver/Excel Trust settings
Oracle: any replacements for DBMS_OUTPUT package?
need for tool for video processing
Why does running a script from SQLPlus not require a password?
Use bash to read a file and then execute a command from the words extracted
Howto add dynamic search parameters to Sharepoint search?
using spring by creating multiple applicationcontexts to manage bean animation time - is this okay?
Which is more popular (currently, by recent install base) SVN or CVS?
Haskell: How to type cast
How to migrate all URL's in svn:externals properties across a repository?
Mapping multi-Level inheritance in Hibernate
Rotating images, AJAX-like, in Ruby on Rails
For loop using find lacks doesn't properly handle directory names having white space character
drupal how to see the enquiry when the node is created or any contetn type is created
Data Classification:sizes of training and test vectors
Hibernate session keeping track of objects
is there a room to install gcc in osx without installing xcode?
linq: get articles with top vote numeration
Visual Studio Addin Development - How to resolve the "The process cannot access the file" problem after exiting visual studio?
drupal contact form module
what is the syntax for custom scads for the osx leopard dock?
Mac Browsers - Is IE5.5 for the Mac officially dead?
Visual Studio 2005 is slow for C++
Magento - making a new getProductCollection() function
SVN backup
pattern equal data types and their nested name in haskell
making the text in a text cell change coloring when the rows checkbox has been checked.
How to wait main application thread till worker thread complete in QT
Passing BASH arguments
Magento image upload problem ....
Mac user needs some folder help with applescript. SFW
Magento : Getting Attribute Code
Excel Number Format: What is "[$-409]" ?
Relational databases and OO languages
In Windows, what makes qmake append "d" on a debug target?
VSeWSS "Attach to IIS Worker Processes" grayed out
calculating hdiutil's concretion ratio
unity need to block my feed completly
Is there a reference for the SharePoint XSLT extension functions?
How to access the current Subversion build number?
"Greedy" <Delete> and <Backspace> in Visual Studio
Excel problem with deleting CustomProperty in Korean
WSS 3.0 Multiple Domains
Spring OpenSessionInViewFilter: cant save object
How to get the most of out laptop batteries
oracle moving / transferring schemas from one host to another
Spring application context : access web.xml context-params ?
Can I have both full text RSS and an excerpt RSS in Wordpress?
payoff 404 error on existing directory
C program stuck on uninterruptible wait while performing disk I/O on Mac OS X Snow Leopard
Wordpress XMLRPC
Apache Web Server Redirect Post Request
Double variable argument list.
finding a specific character in a train in matlab
using Spring JdbcTemplate
How to insert the symbol 'Infinite' in Excel programmatically?
Lua compiled scripts on Mac OS X - Intel vs PPC
Add SoapHeader to org.springframework.ws.WebServiceMessage
XlsIo DateTime Incorrect by about 4 years
Visual Studio Addin - "file in zombie state" error
Can ASP.NET AJAX partial rendering work inside a SharePoint 2007 application page?
Joomla Blog/Wordpress Integration
using visual studio's 'cl' from a normal instruction line
Debugging with command-line parameters in Visual Studio.
patching out calll by replacing with nops plant in user space but not in kernel space
why a hard coded string var is changing when the bash script is run as origin ?
Cross-correlation coefficient
How to map inner object using Hibernate/JPA without xml/annotation?
QPixmap from QBitmap
Creating "holey" median filter in Matlab
How can I convert a Java Iterable to a Scala Iterable?
Confused about user profiles in drupal
Hibernate cannot remove child from database
Magento get Last login
SharePoint - Custom Dataview - Link Rendering Issues
XAMPP on Falshdrive cannot start Apache, MYSQL on WIndows 7
Qt equivalent of .NET data binding?
Anyone know how to access the magento gift card sku in transactional email template?
Problem enabling .htaccess
What could cause an ORA-00936 - Missing Expression with the following sql?
Hibernate MappingException Unknown entity: $Proxy2
Visual Studios Link.exe error: "extra operand"
entitymanager.merge insert duplicate entities
how to speedup xcode form without any project modifications?
How do I stop Visual Studio from launching a new browser window every single time I hit the Start Debugging button?
Install sqlite3 on mac osx?
Equivalent of .sh and .bat on Mac?
iodin need help to integrate webgistix shipping method into magento
how do you work on oracle software in a collaborative, version-controlled environment?
Best route to creating a Calendar based Date picker for Cocoa?
Produce permutations of arbitrary number of sequences
Subversion repository statistics, other than StatSVN?
How to add a filter to `tail -f` output that would issue an audible alarm given matching input?
Visual studio or resharper shortcut to close currently selected file in IDE
How to get javascript to run after AJAX calls
apache prefork/mod_wsgi spawned process count seemingly past configuration
offsite backup from a timemachine abridgment
Change the date of wordpress
Excel: Default to TEXT rather than GENERAL when opening a .csv file
MAC OSX, which version of MySQL should I download?
What are some good techniques for performance testing SharePoint web parts and controls?
How To Define The Return Type In A Function With LINQ?
Oracle Export: ORA-31600: invalid input value EMIT_SCHEMA for parameter NAME in function SET_TRANSFORM_PARAM
UNIX commands that support colours
Beginner question about XCode 3.1.1 and static libraries
naming case category in scala.
Hibernate and JPA - Error Mapping Embedded class exposed through an interface
How do I externalize named queries in a Hibernate annotations app?
porting c++ code from window to the mac
pipe bash output to two different watercourse
issues with magento
Is there a spring lazy proxy factory in Spring?
Removal of records from excel
Visual Studio or Eclipse - which one is better for Qt on Windows?
How to iterate over all the page breaks in an Excel 2003 worksheet via COM
What is the best ajax tutorial site
can I update a label using ajax, instead of a textbox?
is there a use to get the caption for an image in wordpress
How do you know what a good index is?
Is it possible to kill a single query in oracle without killing the session?
Description of folder structure of Qt SDK
What is the simplest way to allow a user to drag and drop table rows in order to change their order?
How do you create inputs for custom options in the Magento admin
Why I cannot use my apache server?
Passing a string with spaces as a function argument in bash
magento https error
What is the best way to process all versions of MS Excel spreadsheets with php on a non-Windows machine.
Scala Array constructor?
Matlab - problem with creating SQL query
How to make Divide(column1/column2) in hibernate criteria projections
problem with array eccentric "dampar" in matlab deconvolucy.m
Use an object after it has been released?
Apache: how to limit virtual dir to local network
magento custom states for country
folder construction for many projects in one svn repository?
Handling successive Ajax requests - JQUERY
Minimizing Mfc application with open Qt dialog
how to parse mail data in a cgi script with bash scripting?
Haskell: How do I define the types my function can take as parameters? AND how do I access unnamed variables in a data structure?
How can I overide a local module in Magento?
How to switch SVN server from one IP address to another
Front page Featured Section
Curves in matlab
How to detect that an app (such as Quicktime) prevents screensaver to run on Mac
what type of compass does haskell use?
Hiberate: Collections of Collections
Remove all .pyc files from a project
In Magento, how can I preview a page before saving it?
escaping 'run' command line options in cygwin
Apache reverse proxy set up secure certificate
Sharepoint Search Property Weighting
Haskell: Gluing a char and a list together?
Subversion - where should the svn:externals come from?
Unable to scp from my server to my computer
How can I map out which Visual Studio Solutions use which Projects?
linq sub tilt problem
Drupal Custom Login by Role
Matlab/octave count number of operations
How to create a link to a configurable item in Magento?
adding usance tags in wordpress
How to quickly organize functions in source code (c#) to order by alpabetical order?
How to remove Custom Field section from Wordpress?
What's the best way to export bug tracking data from hosted HP Quality Center?
Porting JDBCRealm from tomcat to OC4J
How to achieve "not in" by using Restrictions and criteria in Hibernate?
LINQ table enumeration with column enumeration
Wordpress themeing
annotation based Spring bean validation
How to keep a text file readable just from php and python, and not by users?
Qt Map Signals Based On Parameter Value
Vectorizing sums of different diagonals in a matrix
How do I create a multiple tab Excel workbook on a client machine?
Oracle: best way to search over a range of values?
installing Oracle Instantclient on Mac OS/X without setting environment variables?
Whta is the shortest way to write this in matlab ?
delete list item
spring enabled web application
Binning in matlab
apple documentation a bit lite? tips?
Wordpress dashboard
binding asp.net gridview to an prophesier sys_refcursor
Gaussian filter in Matlab
Keep indentation of wrapped lines in Visual Studio 2008
Using @Table with schema name in Hibernate 3.3.1ga and HSQLDB
Unable to cast object of type 'System.Data.Linq.DataQuery`1[System.Int32]' to type 'System.IConvertible'.
problem with Double and Rational Number
How can I quote the data within my cells?
drupal 6: how to get data from a custom module in to a template file
Ajax-ish updating of a canvas element
Laziness and tail recursion in Haskell, why is this crashing?
What does the NS prefix means?
Can you display data from a database in a WordPress blog post?
Office 2003 interop problems, interface, method not found.
Binding two different model-key-paths to the same NSArrayController selection
Magento: Rebuilding Flat Catalog Programmatically
Bash rename extension recursive
Which functional programming language should I use?
linq: ienumerable<keyvaluepair<sometype, ienumerable<othertype>>> selection
Simple AJAX Submit and update mysql
WordPress: Is it possible to have "rss content" AS the "post" itself on blog.wordpress.com?
using data.heap in haskell, or recitation haskell docs for a beginner
Oracle Scheduled Jobs
Bash Scripting " [!: not found " errors, and how to write an or statement
How to add custom columns to a table that LINQ to SQL can translate to SQL
Hibernate implicit entity restrictions
Magento Replacing super attributes table with dropdown
How can I use linux to parse out only a section of a variable with different delimiters?
notify upon setting jobs finishing running in bash
Hibernate tool to create basic mappings based on a mysql db
how to write numbers in lambda using ghci
Timing the Release branch
how to achieve this in Apache?
where to find a small example/demo on how to create a LINQ Provider?
pentaho acegi security framework digest assay-mark & ruby on rails
Subversion "Suite"?
when is image within the updateprogress control sent to guest in asp.net ???
read excel tabloid in c#.net
MATLAB's hmmtrain assumes initial transition from state 1
What is the easiest way to determine the dependencies of a .NET assembly.
Magento wishlist sidebar and main view only return last 3 added items
How to protect image on Excel sheet
making the code halt to see if the text in a text box matches any of the strings in an nsarray.
How come sqlplus not connecting?
Hibernate: hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto=update show generated sql
Hibernate3: Self-Referencing Objects
How to write a lazy, variable argument version of "orElse"
Simple string parsing in Cocoa / Objective-C: parsing a command line into command and arguments.
How do I rename a Project Folder from within Visual Studio?
How to customize Subscribe2 button appearance in WordPress?
Placing Share Documents subfolder as a webpart in SharePoint
problem with cross-domain ajax calls...
Expression.Invoke in Entity Framework?
Bash: limit the number of concurrent jobs?
How do I add a third party Framework to xcode project?
Dynamically look up column names for a table while in an sql query
NSSavePanel: Squelching the "confirm replace?" dialog
problem with basic attributes java.sql.Blob
Wordpress "Read more" is not working
Use of Haskell state monad a code smell?
Add another node display (like teaser, full node) to Drupal
google gin? use with spring?
Removing [nid:n] in nodereference autocomplete
Sharepoint SPDisposeCheck
How to stop Hibernate from eagerly fetching many-to-one associated object
Logging function parameters in MATLAB
Drupal: Node related Block content while in a view
Convert CRC check from Matlab to c#
magento: tower not found: 1054 unknown column 'e.display_price_group_0' after rebuilding flat catalog product
cannot edit wordpress subject - various errors
Difference between trait inheritance and self type annotation
how does one create merchandise compendium in ubercart?
Workarounds for unresolved hibernate bug when embedded collections contain collections?
500 error when trying to add expires header to .htaccess
How can I easily see the output from a Template Haskell statement?
AJAX Enabled WebApplication
Ajax request with prototype - what is transport if not only responseText?
Ajax: Building HTML vs injecting HTML
in memory filtering of not persistent aggregation with hibernate
MOSS 2007 and Sql Server Reporting Services from dev to prod
Can DWR add a session attribute that Spring can access via @ModelAttribute when submitting a form?
Drupal Ajax data retrieval delayed
How to remove trailing whitespace in a database column?
Magento: Fixed shipping cost BELOW certain basket price.
What's the advantage of using drupal's module_load_include vs. just including a file?
How can I assign the match of my regular expression to a variable?
local variable inside  the loop issue
ajax push server
installing magento plugins without using magento connect
How to split a Scala script into multiple files
Problem with Excel to Gridview C# ASP.NET
cannot admission http://<tfs-server>:8080
picture player plugin in wordpress
Hibernate Security Apprehension: Hibernate vs. Stored Procedures
visual studio extensibility: adding existing folders to a task
Change the default list aspx pages in SharePoint
Wordpress Page order
Getting help on MATLAB's com.mathworks internals
Change tab stop size in rendered HTML using Qt's QLabel class
Removing <ul> bullets via CSS
How to cancel ajax request that has run (on server side)
How to validate a user through an AJAX request?
Performance issue with accessing Microsoft.Office.Core.DocumentProperties
display preceeding zeros in csv file when viewing in excel
Which versions of packages can my Haskell package depend upon?
Good database library/ORM for cocoa development
SharePoint Default Styles
Function pointers in MATLAB
Hibernate Entity sort column configuration
Orcad / Matlab: How to plot the roots of a polynomial
How to sort through an association table in hibernate?
string value is truncating when saved to the database
Compatibility of Comet with current technology
Ajax loading node fields in drupal with jQuery
drupal: load scene template on module energizing
Visual Studio shortcut for showing dropdown of availble Enum values for function argument
bash scripting..copying files without overwriting
wordpress not publishing posts to custom templet
sharepoint -use a lookup field to get an image
magento show products in left position bar
Viewing files in a remote FTP folder from a webpart
Prevent the same object from being associated to two different sessions in hibernate
version number inside AssemblyInfo.cs update outside visual studio
Spring Framework 3 and session attributes
drupal's profile_save_profile doesn't study in hook_cron, when run by the server's cron
"Microsoft Visual C# IntelliSense has stopped working" in project referencing F#
Check whether stderr is a pipe in bash
Making sure a Spring Bean is properly initialised
Left outer join on two columns performance issue
Is Drupal ready for the enterprise?
LSUIElement application that starts a window with an application menu?
Hibernate: Why @OneToMany with List<MyClass> fails?
apache configuration - what am I missing here?
Wordpress: wp_insert_post fails to add comment_count
Mod_rewrite with godaddy
in excel , in my pivot tables when i drop down the quarrel fields, value filter option is disabled
spring 3 AOP anotated advises
WordPress url error on IIS 7
Combining Structures
How do I create custom fields like mobile number  in customer registration form  without modifying  magento core files?
Executing for-each in bash
What compromises Scala made to run on JVM?
Qt: Add UI Elements using Qt Script
help with mixing widget painting and UDP data transfers in a multi-threaded context
develop sharepoint web percentage in asp.net
Digester: Extracting node name
mack screensaver start event
Spring using JNDI with Tomcat... why do I need a META-INF/context.xml in my project
Drupal automatic glossary for specific terms
Using Haskell's types to replace assert statements or if checks in other languages
How to get the file size given a path?
MATLAB : frequency distribution
knock variable scope
Visual Studio Debug Visualizer for all types
opinion reduction steps in haskell
how should a custom view update a manikin object?
How to get started with svn:externals?
Drupal reserve checkbox module?
Team Foundation Server (TFS) File Difference viewer - how to split horizontally
How can you have SharePoint Link Lists default to opening in a new window?
What are the differences between Spring integration and JBoss jBPM?
Switch Between Views in Cocoa (not Cocoa Touch)
Using Revision Control  for home development
PHP: Iterate through folders and display HTML contends
Is there a list of AJAX JSF Libraries available?
Something like EJB wiring in Spring for non EJB's
OS X Mac and writing a twain scanning application.
How do I remove file suffix and path portion of a path string in Bash?
What is the dual table in Oracle?
magento: after ordering configurable product, its canceled because its out of store
parse a dhcpd.lease file with bang
best practice for wordpress idea functionality
What are Expression Trees in LINQ?
How to compare dates in LINQ?
hoe to draw concentric rotary in an image in matlab? please help me
logging office parameters in matlab
Open External Browser from QWebView
Haskell: generic IORef, MVar?
Optimisations for a series of functions in Haskell
custom email chassis in magento
scala anonymous function syntax
how to retrive cell addresses which call specific subprogram
Error: <target>.ColumnName and <source>.ColumnName have conflicting properties: DataType property mismatch.
Kill process in bash that runs more than specified time?
Hibernate Annotation Join table question
Sharepoint: How to programmatically manage SPFolder and SPListItem permissions
How to install a Qt application on a customers system?
How to assign Date parameters to Hibernate query for current timezone?
How to update a database schema without losing your data with Hibernate?
magentocommerce development environment world issue
peter to help write excel formulas and if statements?
why don't codification snippets work for me in visual studio?
how do i presentation breadcrumbs on "products tagged with" pages in magento?
How to get NSImage of generic folder icon on OS X 10.5 and 10.6
Removing created temp files in unexpected bash exit
what are the alternative to using phpmyadmin?
URL Redirection for SSL virtual hosts
Capture Qt widget as an image file
how do i retrieve external data from sm sql from a wordpress blog?
How to format/change qmake/make output
Correct way to force an invoice e-mail to be sent to a user in UberCart?
implementing forum live survey with ajax and jsp
how to plot lines between all spot in vector in matlab?
Can I acheive this with linq instead of For Each?
whats the best way to create a smart percentage in sharepoint?
Updating the version number of all assemblies in a solution
SharePoint site security:  how can I monitor changes?
Using Oracle Database Migration Verifier
Visual Studio 2005 - C++ - What controls the manifest creation
Native Stored Proc v/s Hibernate
How do I make/develop Hibernate caching?
How do I list all Entries with a certain tag in Wordpress?
How do you make a Text Label display how many rows there are in the table.
conversion of bytes into a type without changing the covering (ie storing the conversion method in db) with spring 3.0
Grails dynamic database connections?
Magento - Show Custom Attributes in Grouped Product table.
Oracle correlated subquery in FROM list
i need to develop a project involving ironware which should also work the same on windows as well as macs. whats the way forward?
SharePoint MOSS Alternate Access Mappings
Searching object property in a predefined list using HQL
line-end agnostic diff?
drupal: replacing bailiwick value in view
prick for translation of oracle pl/sql into postgresql pl/pgsql
QPainter and QTimer
Exit status code for Expect script called from Bash
linq to xml question
how to grab live schoolbook from a url?
Qt4 parent pointer usage
Howto Pass A String as Parameter in AWK within Bash Script
ORM tools for Haskell
Downcasting and Linq
Easiest/best way to set up SVN commit emails?
SVN Maintenance
persistenceUnitManager problem
how to map a one-to-many collection to a joined subclass when key is in the parent class
htaccess in wordpress, problem with sending get data
Can I zip more than two lists together?
Using awk (or sed) to remove newlines based on first character of next line
AJAX and callback function
qt/c++ casting question
Sharepoint: Best way to display lists of non-Sharepoint content with "compatible" UI?
oracle utl_match special type
Forcing the Solution Explorer to select the file in the editor in visual studio 2005
Drupal: module, cck or other
Change value for multiple cells in Excel
bash plugin help: auto insert completion bracet with cursor in middle
Getting Items on the Local Clipboard from a Remote SSH Session
Injecting property values via Spring by Environment
QGraphicsView/Scene - multithreading nightmare
Finding whether or not an item is contained within an k-ary tree
How to display line breaks in SharePoint comment history field
How to add url shortener API to wordpress posts links?
what's the minimum version of os xtc that supports file system events?
conditional php_flag command in .htaccess
MATLAB: split long 2D matrix into the third dimension
Subversion on Mac - refuses to get password from keychain
Magento with Mailchimp -----adding checkboxes programmatically
Wordpress - Set post_date
What tool do you use for developing and administrating your database?
XML for Ajax PUT or POST request
Recommendations for simple AJAX?
IE8 is breaking my AJAX... FF is fine.
Qt: transparent QRubberBand?
pipelines vs for
bound surety redirect if no admission on page
How do I tell Qt to always show an editor in a QTableView?
setting page access permissions in drupal
Spring-Hibernate DAO naming convention?
How to match newlines with Alex/Haskell
magento how to disable epitome zoom
cocoa + nsmenu item
Type patterns and generic classes in Haskell
How do modify the look and feel of a Sharepoint site?
NSZombies are eating my app's brain!
Excel page breaks via VBA
find natural block size of the media being used by file handle
Polyvariadic Functions in Haskell
sending ajax request
Integrating Haskell in non-functional projects
yslow still not giving me an A for expires header in apache httpd even though I added them
Best file system to transfer 5+GB files between OS X and Windows on removable media
Embedded Matlab: Problem with persistent variables.
Converting a string to an integer in oracle
BASH: Hashing Multiple Files Recursively
Why does running "apachectl -k start" not work, but "sudo apachectl -k start" does?
Setting the umask of the Apache user
How do I customize the confirmation email sent when a new SPAlert is created on a sharepoint list?
How to implement a AJAX function in PHP ?
what is the way to check whether excel cell is locked or not?
OS X Widget issue with Control Region and Flash
annotation() and text() in Matlab
Is there an easy way to customize a QProgressBar?
How to order categories in wordpress?
Security or other gotcahs in Apache-CGI-Bash application?
Logging all cocoa events?
spring web flow error messages
how to migrate a 3rd party web office from sharepoint 2 (2003) to sharepoint 3 (2007)
Which additional securities do you add to your open source cms installations?
Bash loop command until file contains n duplicate entries (lines)
Why does file have to be saved prior to running ?
Parsing older SpreadsheetML Schemas
Looking up document library items in a SharePoint workflow
How can I set up a simple test with Cabal?
magento product export custom options
two mappings for one database board
matlab: standoff centroids
Any quirks I should be aware of in Drupal's XML-RPC and BlogAPI implementations?
qt: show result of coloration selection?
modelattributes not accessible on jsp (spring mvc)
open source menu games or books for objective-c/cocoa?
Granting a Drupal role to all users that have a certain role
â‚¡urrâ‚¬ncÂ¥ i$ Kiâ‚¤â‚¤ing Me!
turn matlab plot into effigy
Tips for using CVS or Subversion as a backup framework for office documents
Integrating QWT 6.0.1 with QT Creator/Designer 4.8.0
comparisons of ajax libraries
How can I redirect all traffic from one domain to another with an .htaccess file?
mpm prefork apache uses absurd quantity of memory
Magento: Add (and retrieve) custom database field for CMS pages
How to encode string in Oracle?
Adding Padding To The 'left' of a Text Field.
hibernate job with auto increment id mysql 5
how to timestamp request logarithm with millisecond accuracy in apache 2.0
run matlab in mess mode
Handling CRUD Operations for a Linq to SQL View
How do I get a range's address including the worksheet name, but not the workbook name, in Excel VBA?
Ready configurations for Spring + Hibernate
How do I create a custom loop in wordpress that excludes categories listed in theme options
Matlab - Neural network training
LINQ - Return Value From Field With A Max Value if No Rows Found
linq entities as job objects - pro/cons
Haskell Type error
copying a document to another library and incrementing version
drupal - selected node highlighting in sight
Forcing "drupal_set_message" messages to appear immediately?
Is there a way to combine streaming data retrieval with hibernate?
Fill a list from JSP in Spring
What is the conceptual difference between a Product and a Quote Item
How do I use an NSFormatter subclass with an NSPopUpButton
Unable to deploy new SharePoint site template version
Cocoa NSArray/NSSet: -makeObjectsPerformSelector: vs. fast enumeration
how do i install and use wordpress.org geshi syntaxhighlighter
how can i use custom animations for onorderout in gist animation?
Different page provided for Google Crawl
How to modify beans defined in a spring container
magento set discount code for specific production on fly.
How does LINQ implement the SingleOrDefault() method?
how can i get the max of an arbitrary property from a listing in scala?
how to find remaining nodes in following code which are not participating in making edges with each other?
Apache - authorising a user in multiple groups
Sampling sequences of random numbers in Haskell
deducing type of multi-parameter type class
Using wp_query to pull content from a specific post using either title or id
How should I branch and tag before and after a release?
AJAX C# AutoCompleteExtender contextKey
asp .net mvc ajax link that gets executed onmouseover
put nexus at the end of a page ( drupal)
Getting rows from a SQL table matching a dictionary using LINQ
Is it possible  to declaratively configure the spring.net cache rather using attributes
pointers in haskell???
Concurrent AJAX interval polling
Configure apache for system passwords?
How to configure Apache httpd.conf run with strawberry perl?(perl script run with browser)
Finder item in some point
How to batch delete using bulkUpdate
Access properties file programatically with Spring?
How to chain AJAX calls in Rails?  A series of calls to be executed, depending on the result of the first call.
What happens if I forget to mark the Spring SessionStatus as "Complete"?
Excel Forms Edit Only
What is the default Precision and Scale for a Number in Oracle?
CSS Layout not working in IE7 (all other browsers are fine)
Exporting data to excel
Point-free in Haskell
Excel: need help with unusual lookup function (sorted column is different from lookup column)
SharePoint (WSS) Authentication Across Multiple Domains
Second Frontmost App?
Bash script to pack file names
dead-tree periodicals on Mac development?
Spring: Getting FactoryBean object instead of FactoryBean.getObject()
Confusing Subversion Status !M
How do you read a third-party Cocoa project?
Zipcode to city/state look-up XML file?
How can I take any function as input for my Scala wrapper method?
linq sql error : the text data type cannot be selected as distinct because it is not comparable.
resizing an NSPanel to fit a dynamic NSMatrix and a button
How can I turn these LINQ joins into LEFT OUTER joins?
How do I delete records from a child collection in LINQ to SQL?
pourboire and tricks for working with microsoft visual studio solutions and project
Hiding a SharePoint Custom Field Type in Edit and Create mode
Disable and later enable all table indexes in Oracle
Self-referencing updates in HQL
Can a Scala program be compiled to run on any JVM, without having Scala installed on the given machine?
Risk of using Apache mod_proxy
Hibernate: Is there a way to programatically create new tables that resemble an existing one?
Lift image upload, resize, store in database, display
Contents of PyString in Qt Creator debugger?
resolving svn merge postponed fight recursively
magento database
WebGate Configuration Problem
Excel 2007 - Catch open command bar button event
Having "Minimal Price" display issues within assigned category.
cocoa/ objective-c shell command bloodline execution
best book to learn web growth for a professional developer?
In Oracle, why do public synonyms become invalid when a table partition is dropped.
scala for takings setting a value
Wordpress limits - system design consideration.
Hibernate and Sql Server best Practicies
Magneto performance tunning
select a random sample of results from an oracle query
C compiler selection in cabal package
Magneto as B2B - view 'company name' instead of first/last name
Iterating a function and analysing the result in haskell
Qt dialog with no window icon
Setting a default Apache RewriteRule entry
How to use custom CSS with my Sharepoint WebPart?
Hibernate - One design problem
MATLAB Heart Curve
How Do I Convert Pipe Delimited to Comma Delimited with Escaping
How do I make Ajax calls at intervals without overlap?
Ajax timeout but server side not terminate
How do you deal with configuration files in source control?
add references to project when mastery dropped from visual studio 2008 toolbox
Excel: filter table rows by specified column value
How does git-svn behave with svn repositories that have changed layout?
How do I get ghci to see packages I installed from cabal?
PL/SQL compilation fails with no error message
Spring MVC and JSF navigation rules together
get revision number of a remote secretary
no runnable methods error from base tryout class
connecitnf to ms sql through hibernate
How can I schedule a report in SharePoint to run on the last day of the month?
Are monads Writer m and Either e categorically dual?
Building a HTTP link inside a Spring bean which is not a Controller
How to use apache mod_rewrite and alias at the same time?
matlab: avoiding memory allotment in mex
Excel formula - auto sum for the same types
How secure is Wordpress?
Grabbing Google Directions gadget from Ajax call
TAB separated txt file from Excel  VBA/MACRO
How to prevent Ajax/javascript result cashing in browsers?
MATLAB help content for an abstract method
Drupal: xmlsitemap file is not generated
How do I interpret error codes from FrontPage Extensions?
how can i automate the appendage of deploying an infopath form to sharepoint server 2007?
Y-Combinator in FT EDSL
duplicate rows in oracle
endian-ness of new macs - are all pc platforms the same now?
i need a player which is supported in drupal
XLL plugin's DDEConnect fails when connecting to Excel?
Pros And Cons Of Haskell
How do i get rid of NaNs in matlab?
plate scripting: die on any mistake
How can grep interpret literally a string that contains an asterisk and is fed to grep through a variable?
Wordpress stop post redirects
need to rate with stars different things in one Wordpress post/page
Merge sort from "Programming Scala" causes stack overflow
Sync SharePoint Sets with File System?
Linux command line: split a string
Casting DateTime to OracleTimeStampTZ
wordpress inclination of authors
Getting ASN.1 Issuer strings from PEM files?
Attaching VisualSVN Server to an existing repository
Multiple Websites share the same order increment id sequence?
apache gives me 403 access forbidden when documentroot gunpoint to two different drives
Hibernate: Persisting Objects
New to functional programming
Is there a way of making normal links automatically load through ajax, rather than normally?
Drupal: Upgrade Node strategy
Mod-rewrite has revealed itself
Forming vectors from the same assigned value (in Matlab)
Bash script for manual routes and default gateway problem
How do I move tags in Subversion
Is there any working implementation of reverse mode automatic differentiation for Haskell?
spring mvc + vaticinator lobs + streaming
projection (bin) folder path at compile time?
Apache lags when responding to gzipped requests
Wordpress get user id by login name
What causes svn commit to fail and report a file/dir as obstructed?
Using Linq SubmitChanges without TimeStamp and StoredProcedures the same time
How to navigate to Begining/End of a curly brace by selecting one of the braces in Visual Studio 2005.?
Cost of using repeated parameters
hibernate.properties classpath conflict
Drupal: Checking to see if User Has Picture
Spring Explorer not showing beans from bean definition file
Server moved, now MS Excel 2003 queries won't work
Help with foreign key mapping in Hibernate (Spring)?
Apache configuration help -- Why are different processes "in" different time zones?
Filtering by category in Magento 1.4
how do i programatically set the sharepoint's site collections search gist property?
Mac OS X / RSS Growl Notifications
how do I get SQL string from an HQL query?
How can I get the WordPress language_attributes function to return valid XHTML 1.1?
creating chocolate popupmenus programatically and getting code variety a gui item built with the interface builder
Mock object and Spring annotations
DRUPAL: tags for CCK fields ?
Project (bin) folder path at compile time?
Tool in Visual Studio 2008 for helping with Localization
js subroutine not working while loading html using ajax
How to add CVS directories recursively
How would you write an Upsert for LINQ to SQL?
newbie qt doubtfulness about connect
Apache/PHP  serving file multiple times
set Request Header in javascript
multiple grommet working, subroutine inside isn't
Subversion: How to merge only specific revisions into trunk?
Add wordpress widget to dashboard using PHP Class
Memory footprint of Haskell data types
free online svn depository
best agency to force spring shutdown from a bean?
Can someone explain source (versioning) control to me?
.NET Install Package Sometimes Not Completely Removing Previous Versions
how can i evaluate an expression?
Whats the best, most simple ajax file uploader?
Matlab: "grouping mean"
Spring RuntimeBeanReference
Batch Processing Image Files in Matlab
Bash script executting su command
Add multiple hist fit to a figure, without the hist
Insert current date in Excel template at creation
Improved technique to store a filename in a variable?
How to manipulate pages content inside Webkit window (Using QT and QTWebKit)
Ajax append load
AppleScript for unlock screen dialog
How do you typically import data from a spreadsheet to multiple database columns?
Debugging mod_rewrite rules without RewriteLog?
Flattening Linq Group query
Hibernate, save the previous state of an object
Configuring Hibernate logging using Log4j XML config file?
Excel 2007 UDF: how to add function description, argument help?
best way to write   a-> ..->[a] recursive functions in haskell
Generate .h and .cpp from .ui file
chiliad of instances of index.php opening at the same time
How can I tell if a file is busy, e.g. the Finder is busy copying to it?
Qt wrapper for C libraries
Source.getLine - the line index, first line is 1
Can Visual Studio 2008 work with Team System 2005?
linq orderbyAscending?
how group by in Linq with 2 Field ?
Embedding an image in an AJAX response
Building universal binaries on Mac - Forcing single compiler child process
How to duplicate a virtual PC with SharePoint, K2 and domain controller
Drop-down js menu blinking in IE7
firing a sharepoint workflow by updating a leaning detail through lean webservice
oracle materialized view refresh time
Timeout a command in bash without unnecessary delay
in ghc, is there a way to print the exportation of module?
hibernate sorting by properties inner bean ?
apache mod_rewrite one rule for any number of possibilities
Spring MVC Web PetClinic Tutorial?
[bash] filling placeholders in file in single pass
Haskell: reading multiple command line arguments
Running python code from standard Cocoa application
linq sql error : the text data case cannot be selected as distinct because it is not comparable.
Linq OrderBy against specific values
Extended maxima transform in Matlab
How to make a basic line plot in MATLAB?
Extract Data from CSV in Bash script (Sed, AWK, Grep?)
Using DOS file contents as command line arguments in BASH...
is there a fashion to force visual studio 2008 (or below) to use a spellchecker for comments?
apply tax by shipping orgin when store pick up
Reading/writing QObjects
Handling very large SFTP uploads - Cocoa
How to handle DataIntegrityViolationException in Spring?
system properties can't be resolved in spring xml using hotshot
I have a having a a matrix index bounds in matlab
Value object or entity object in my Hibernate mapping?
subversion prevent listing of a repository in folder with SVNParentPath
SharePoint: Make a list field hidden programmatically
Can I write to the Test Results window "Error Message" field without failing a test?
Is there an easy way of sorting a plist (array of dictionaries) by key value?
Magento - blank lines being added to wsdl file
Set screen-title from shellscript
Redirecting Test Output
how do I set default permissions when copying a file from Windows -> OSX
BASH: Test whether string is valid as an integer?
Spring 3.0 set and get session attribute
hibernate elision
Linq to SQL Performance using contains.
How to programatically add a tracepoint for Visual Studio?
Python to MATLAB: exporting list of strings using scipy.io
How to access a field's value via reflection (Scala 2.8)
How to do string manipulation in an NSValueTransformer?
Writing bash script to read, compare, and verify external IP address.  Need help.
How to include the post-count of a category to link-item when listing categories?
can we change the day and time of a schedule task which is already created
Web application integration with Drupal
survey results in sharepoint
How best to debug a crash within objc_msgSend?
get directory path to 12 beehive programmatically
Qt vs WPF/.NET
qlistview/qlistwidget with usance token
Using AppleScript to hide Keynote Text Fields in A Slide
Drupal Conent Menu System
Cannot Display Image from List
MultiActionController no longer receiving requests?
xmlhttprequest onlys gets to status 3
`sbt package` results in huge war file - how to make it smaller?
scala: Method\Operator Overloading
Local copy of SVN repository
how to change suffix: bundle into webplugin in the folder intersection with xcode project?
Linux shell scripting
Eclipse keyboard shortcuts broken in 10.5.6
can two different wordpress blogs on the same waiter use a common theme folder?
Spring 2.5 Form validation - Dynamic data lost if validator is called?
How can I find which tables reference a given table in Oracle SQL Developer?
Subversion Vendor Branches
how do i function linq for paging a generic collection?
MOSS Web Solution Package breaks when moved
Spring Transactions in diffrent DAOs does not work anyway?
How can I merge in a new folder structure to SVN?
How to create artificial nodes in QAbstractItemModel for QTreeView
pointer wont reappearance with assigned address
Checkbox filtering in Magento admin grid
Haskell style/efficiency
Selectively remove from where clause in LINQ expression tree
matlab oop: too slow to be useful ?
qt backcloth color
"Magento Tax Zones & Rates": how to incorporate store location and price dependencies for Tax Rates
editing sql question with visual studio 2008
Java Spring: AnnotationSessionFactoryBean, Hibernate-Dialect AutoDetection
Please recommand some book on Oracle and Apex
How to run just one ASP.NET Development Server in Visual Studio 2008?
How can I connect the pressed() signal of 32 buttons to a single function without declaring 32 slots?
How can I open a Drupal 6 submenu programmatically?
Why ssh fails from crontab but succedes when executed from a command line?
How to track Ajax requests using Google Analytics?
Convert cell array of cells into cell array of strings in MATLAB
solving algebraic equivalence programatically
Do you use the original (German) apple keyboard/keyboard layout when programming on mac?
install EventFilter on QWidget (qt4.4.3/kde4)
Best practices for handling a web service failure
Show Category Image with Link in Magento
scala mailbox size limit
PHP regex expression for the following...
Purposefully Slow Function
How to convert a list of ints to a string array in Linq?
Create spring beans, based on a comma-separated list of classes
Implementing a very simple 'Wine Rating System' in Haskell
Scala XML retrieving from optional paths
LINQ to SQL Query Syntax
Can I compile legacy MFC applications with Visual Studio 2008 ?
Drupal - RSS Item Edit - Seek Advice
Unit Testing Hibernate's Optimistic Locking (within Spring)
Continue on error in loop
Modificate content profile form to show checkboxes in the matrix
Matlab Embedded Coder: fft2 operation for uint8?
linq efficiency question - foreach vs total
hibernate: how declare foreign key without having to code tie-up methods in the domain object?
Introduction or simple examples for iteratee?
Excel AddIn throwing an exception in designer code
How can you have a xEmacs-like-Auctex in MacVim?
propertyplaceholderconfigurer vs filters -- bound noggin
[Probably something stupid] Can't create trigger using SQLPlus in Oracle
user-friendly approach for network streaming, playing and seeking of sound in mac os x
Using foldl to count number of true values
Bzip2 Tomcat Output
display fieldname and value of sharepoint list
What is the quickest way to query a database with LINQ?
How do I map a Map from an Entity to a Value with hibernate annotations?
SVN remote repository
deserializing a json object through Lift-JSON
Can I use an Environment variable based location for Spring FileSystemResource?
intent of leap mannikin command
memory footmark of haskell data types
Excel structured reference table syntax
qt 4.6.x under macos/x: widget update performance mystery
Is it possible to provide default value for subscripting in Matlab?
Spring WS calling .net web services
Do I still need to learn about managing memory now that Objective-C/Cocoa has Garbage collection?
how to compare elements of one row with other row in same matrix in matlab?
How to switch back to a previous version of a file without deleting its subsequent revisions?
Visual Studio - rewrite / lifespan
Insert a Newline in Excel Formula (MacOS)
how to get enumeration value's enumeration definition?
how do i get merchandise category information using collections in magento
Magneto XML layout with custom modules
Is there anything like a generic list in Cocoa / Objective-C?
Subclassing SharePoint Objects
how do i put an qimage with transparency onto the clipboard for another coating to use?
are there any an os ex equivalent to `hcitool`?
Scala: Parallel assignment of Tuples
Good Way to Debug Visual Studio Designer Errors
Svn ignore versioned on update
html getting garbled from php
XAConnection performance in Oracle (10g)
How do I map a CHAR(1) to a boolean using Hibernate for Java?
drupal - add select/option list to a form
How Can I Remove .DS_Store Files From A Git Repository?
Map a list of strings with JPA/Hibernate annotations
Getting Oracle's MD5 to match PHP's MD5
Memory Leaks - Formatting a String To Display Time, Each Second
how does wordpress' <!--nextpage--> tag actually work?
Complete Haskore example
What is Stream Fusion
demand help changing permalinks in wordpress, i've tried everything..
Bash: Copy a folder full of files and folders to an external hdd, but only if there is enough space to complete the copy.
Mod_rewrite: Direct everything to one PHP file
apache ant wildcards
Multiline NSTokenField and the return key
LINQ and dbml file
Spring: PropertyPlaceHolderConfigurer to set values for complex properties
Automatic Hibernate Transaction Management with Spring?
How does wordpress password hash work?
where is support for the itunes api on os x?
what does the excel vba range.rows belongings really do?
Where to start with Google Reader as an API?
NILL value in haskell
The Genuine Sieve of Eratosthenes -- algorithm used to generate primay numbers.
How to Retrive cell addresses which call specific function
Foreach in Linq
Why doesn't this type declaration work?
please help me understand the pattern match in haskell. i'm a little confused.
how do i implement a customized lean in cocoa?
PHP/Apache, options +indexes in htaccess doesn't work for root directory
What information can be gathered about remote host on ssh login
Why is cross-domain Ajax a security concern?
Cocoa/ Objective-C Shell Command Line Execution
How to use notificationconf?
A  good magento shared  host
MyEclipse HIBERNATE Does NOT Order Property Sets by ID?
Node relations in Drupal Views
Help Wordpress contact form 7 issue with input widths on radio buttons?
Language/framework to write Excel spreadsheets, webbased
DRUPAL: my back-end edit node page jumps up when I click "save"
ORA-01654: unable to extend index
Wordpress first run show a 404 error
Hibernate saveOrUpdate fails when I execute it on empty table.
SharePoint Web Service Credentials
How to order variables alphabetically (Visual Studio 2008)
Determining the port a Visual Studio Web App runs on
Spring + SOAPExceptionImpl: Error during saving a multipart message
How to change Qt applications's dock icon at run-time in MacOS?
NSMutableArray memory management
Changing provided services based on user preferences in OSX?
Auto-hide panel in QT or WxWidgets
BASH - Replace all instances of mutliple newline with a single newline
matlab's phi symbol
excel pattern : find uniques in one column depending on value of another column
how to automatically sort splistitems based on a field
How to signal an NSStreamEventEndEncountered on an NSInputStream reading from NSMutableData.
Accelerating saving plot figures as bitmap image  in MATLAB
Drupal: Template Files, Modules and Content Types for Advanced Theme
Tools for SVN Merging
How to avoid calling a ajax method more than once?
Dependency on Spring's annotations
Migrating Wordpress Site from subdirectory to root. Problems!
fountain context files organization and best practices
Send HTML through Ajax POST
Simple LINQ query
3D plotting in Matlab
What's the right way to divide two Int values to obtain a Float?
Drupal watchdog database table flooded with same message over and over?
How to created a "singleton" scheduled job in oracle?
How do I draw a badge on my Dock icon using Cocoa?
spring vs ejb. can spring replace ejb?
How to find the error detail on Sharepoint Services 3?
libtiff.3.dylib: unknown required load command 0x80000022
Java library or code sample to parse CTXCAT query syntax (for Oracle CATSEARCH)
excel - changing embeeded dsn
Multiple select Listbox in Excel for an import sheet
Please help me the macro that only a cell of the specific keyword does in a blank. in Excel
Conditionally linking cells in Excel 2007
apache proxy 503 erroneousness :*(
Hibernate parent-child modeling
How do I transfer a local Magento install onto my live server?
What is a simple way to receive SNMP traps in Scala?
SharePoint Approval Workflow
Magento: How to tell if you're on a category page, or product page in .phtml file(s)
How do I get the sums of the digits of a large number in Haskell?
how to know when a new usb warehousing device is connected in qt?
SVN + PROJECT MANAGEMENT + WIKI + TODO LIST
How do I create an XML root node in Scala without a literal element name?
Qt: How to send an event to the operating/window system?
List of all users and groups
wordpress 2.9 theme options admin page with paradigm upload
Easy way to find cell reference in excel vba
Why does the following simple Haskell function give slightly strange answers?
MATLAB: Why 24.0000 is not equal to 24.0000  ?!!!
Solving for variables in an over-parameterised system
Redirect within Ajax call
Adjust Sharepoint URL field length
how to map "a-b" query to a command object in Spring MVC
Looking for a good Spring framework cheat cheet
Scala Enumeration values not ordered?
Haskell Interactive
cocoa + skip os generated files
Weaknesses of Hibernate
apache url rewriting with n contestation
Unable to make Firefox open Ack's output
Awaking Mac programatically
Spring Transaction with Sybase
nub of fibonacci numbers
How can I prevent dragged items to be drawn during a drag and drop operation in Qt?
drupal: how to know the character of a tid (term id)?
.NET 2.0 Setup Project in Visual Studio 2008
Primitive recursion
neural web xor backpropagation info needed.
reading a text file to matlab with different formatting
Changing the Access Denied Message in Magento
remove everything in sidebar but one menu
Applet lifecycle in Mac OS X
what is the best strategy  to retrieve form data? client ajax / server
Grouping a Views table.
How to remove, reinstall and/or find info about Visual Studio 2008 hotfixes?
How to zero fill a number inside of an Excel cell
A way to add Oscommerce cart items to a Wordpress Widget
Sharepoint MOSS customised v's uncustomised
Limiting autoshape movement in Excel.
Views Exposed Filters as list of links instead of select
Spring Ajax controller - Accept submissions without refreshing page
Drupal: route nodes links to a view
Hibernate HQL and Date
How to change the text color of QListWidget
Licensing Technology for OS X applications?
Pattern matching string prefixes in Haskell
Create XML using Linq to XML and arrays
Haskell IO russian symbols
in Drupal, how to make login state consistent between browser pages and embedded XMLRPC client?
Non-mathematical use cases for functional programming ?
configuring wordpress .htaccess to opinion subfolders
Genealogy Query in Oracle
Run a php app using tomcat?
Microsoft T-SQL to Oracle PL/SQL translation
bash stacktrace
integrating test with spring: cannot convert value of type erroneousness
what are the dispute between spring integration and jboss jbpm?
Spring web Dependency Injection(IOC) and the ServletContextListener
How to make a hard to kill process in Mac/Linux?
How do I start with working Sub-Version + Delphi?
secure ajax connection / naught type ssl cert attack?
SPList.GetItems(view) returns an exception when attempting to get item title
What are the biggest differences between Scala 2.8 and Scala 2.7?
Importing txt files to excel makes linebreaks disappear
SharePoint problem using a Feature with AllUsersWebPart node
Handle OSX Dock Drag N Drop
php / drupal, session warehousing and encryption
Getting Product or ProductID in magento
crisscross product function in matlab
What is wrong with this RewriteRule?
Is this spring training usefull?
drupal node credit
VS2008 setup project installing extra dependency files
Weird Error In My system.log file Over and Over and Over
Best way to escape characters like newline and double-quote in NSString
Scala 2D Animation library
Oracle TNS names not showing when adding new connection to sqldeveloper
AJAX Functionality
Haskell Monad Transformer Stack and Type Signatures
Dynamically hiding columns in a NSTableView
Compiling a .vbproj or .csproj project file without Visual Studio
GUI Toolkit for ASP.net
Wordpress: wpdb->insert VERSUS wpdb->prepare(wpdb->query("INSERT...
deploy qt+boost lotion on a mac and windows.
Best way to eliminate all intermediate files from Visual Studio project folders?
Hibernate EntityManager + JOTM: transactions are not used
vectorizing loops in Matlab - performance issues
sharepoint 2007 template to website definition conversion
Core Data bindings with subviews and multiple NIBs
spring security integrate with facebook connect
what's the best practice to config Hibernate-Spring for multiple database relationship?
Truncating a table in a stored procedure
Programmatically add 'Input' form
How can I inhibit warning 2400 in Visual Studio 2005?
how could i use the qcolordialog widget inside another gizmo not as a separate dialog?
How to generate build dependencies after custom build tool has been launched ?
Visual Studio code formatting
How to use an Internet Subversion respository when devloping code?
wordpress wp_get_archives output change with preg_replace
How to supply many argv with one bash var ?
apache ProxyPass: how to preserve original IP address
javascript, html and browsing, is there an easy solution?
where to find A mac virtual machine which i can run on windows to test my websites?
Proxy URL without authentication
Filtering Custom Fields in Wordpress Plugin Dev
How do I compile an ASP.NET website into a single .DLL?
How to check whether your code environment on Windows or on Linux or other OS
DIV identified by WebDevToolbar isnt in file?
Spring-MVC is adding on an extra .jsp extention to the URL a user enters
Excel 2007 Filtering across multiple Pivot Tables
What is the simplest way to write web apps in Haskell?
How would you display the menu of a Sharepoint 2007 website in a .net web application out of the Sharepoint context?
zeroc trash "checked casts" in scala
What's the equivalent of SHGetFolderPath on OSX?
how to quickly organize functions in reference code (c#) to order by alpabetical order?
Content Being Echoed Below Footer in Category Post Template
"cannot do signed 4 byte relocation" on compile
Excel filter questions
Parse the HTTP_COOKIES string from Apache for use in #if clause
impost container requirement to work with qt's foreach
cabal and zlib on bone ecstasy
How to paginate Views page display?
How do I get ALL posts in a category with Wordpress?
MSTest copy file to test run folder
Duplicate Rows when Data Binding with LINQ to Entities
Similar SVN Server software for OS X that's like Visual SVN
is magento overkill for a one-man webshop?
Can I use NSURLCredentialStorage for HTTP Basic Authentication?
Putting Subversion Repositories in Subdirectories?
Pattern matching characters for svn:ignore
Jquery: ajaxSend & ajaxStop events not working?
how will I call the on change event of the ajax dropdownlist?
Magento API Uploaded products not appearing in frontend - Unless they are re-saved in backend.
MVC Ajax Begin form hides submit button on ajax call
Reference and filter data to other sheet in Excel
asp.net mvc add column to the database - how do i update the dbml file
hibernate: how to setup on-delete="cascade" in one-to-one relation
How to know when a new USB storage device is connected in Qt?
Getting error when trying to save CCK text fields in Drupal.
Customising an NSTextFieldCell depending on the isEnabled biding of the table column
Magento - Add a button to system.xml with method attached to it
Stripping newlines in Haskell
What are the steps to create AJAX login in yiiframework?
What type of scope does Haskell use?
Wordpress pull Blog Post
NSPopUpButton, Bindings and a shortening lifespan
Auto-sync Visual Studio's Class View
SharePoint - Get a list of current users
How to kill a process in MacOS?
nHibernate SchemaUpdate Failing
A simple small shell script to compute averages
How do I set a task to run every so often?
Notify upon background jobs finishing running in bash
Does Drupal parse hooks that aren't being used?
Qt app text size incorrect under MacOSX
how to best update a site from subversion.
LINQ Dynamic Expression API, predicate with DBNull.Value comparison
Porting Nuclues Grafix GUI to QT
How to manage list version history in WSS 2.0
How to let users specify multiple-level categories in Excel?
spring mvc: detect if an exception has been thrown while loading the context
Is using "global" user in Drupal dangerous?
How to tab focus onto a dropdown field in Mac OSX
recently purchased products
QWebPage triggers loadFinished() several times
ORA-08177: can't serialize access for this transaction
Type classes in Haskell data types
bash: calling a scripts with double-quote argument
Qt Webkit - AutoComplete an Input
Evaluation of Haskell Statements/Expressions using GHC API
AJAX, Server Push implementation questions
spring transactional parameterized examination and autowiring
Error while checking if a file exists
does this phone like a good idea? ( svn / version control / webdev / deployment )
osx: launching multiple instance of an app and passing them command line args
Wordpress Category Template Question
Inserting Wordpress Plugin content to posts
Hibernate daily builds
.net localization trouble
svn add interactive
How do you enable javascript in a WebView
Extending the attributes inspector in interface builder
What is the best way to solve an Objective-C namepsace collision?
Where to find prebuilt binaries for subversion 1.6 for Ubuntu (or Debian)?
Detect bottleneck on program and use opencl to speedup
many-to-many the same PK
Can I use Qt as C++ Library without using it's UI framework
Install multiple Apache Instances
Multiple assignment in Matlab?
Ajax call not working in IE7 and FF.
How can I publish a subversion repository to a local IIS?
Unable to build SciPy on OS X 10.5.7
handling  servlet output in ajax
during spring unit test, datum written to db but test not seeing the data
Is there a graceful way to stop svnserve -d
How Do I Programmatically Check if a WordPress Plugin Is Already Activated?
Reference from UITableViewCell to parent UITableView?
Calling individual cell instead of range
Ways to improve this code
Best way to remove from NSMutableArray while iterating?
sharepoint: web part loads user control; postback effect are not triggered
Best Subversion clients for Windows Vista (64bit)
matlab: payoff unique element with a tolerance
hibernate and spring proceedings - using private constructors
How to automatically convert VS2003 classes to partial Designer.cs files?
execute a casing command from a scale script without stoping if wrongdoing occurs
About Spring BeanFactory
Redirecting back to your site after checking out in 2checkout?
Oracle 11g SQL to get unique values in one column of a multi-column query
How can I downgrade the version of an SVN working copy?
favorite visual studio keyboard shortcut
How can I add scala actors to an existing program without interfering with the normal termination behavior?
XML inside an XElement
I Need to  have a field where you can show an hour in Sharepoint 2007
query magento limit + order by rand()
Branching a subversion repository into a distributed CMS
eliminate sort order on Data tab of SQL Devloper table view.
Whats the "Browser File" in Visual studio 2008, and why we may need it?
mod_rewrite loops even with L flag
why doesn't odp.net 11 xcopy deployment work on a machine with vaticinator db 10 installed?
Linq to SQL: order by value in related table
MS Excel: how to enter free-form text in cell with drop-down-list?
Making a .NET 2.0 Windows Form Application backward compatible with .NET 1.1
is there a quick way to say if notempty x = y else cristal = default in a linq where query
Visual Studio: Detecting unneeded Assemblies
scala Map: mysterious syntactic sugar?
Matlab: Magnetic fields calculated with biot-savarts-law
"ambigous type variable" error when defining custom "read" map
signal and slots for customized class
How do I determine the size of a SharePoint list?
NSTask and which not finding my installed git location
spring session scoped bean value empty?
Totaling figures in .csv files using Excel
Loading Constants from db and reading them in an include file
define gens query in orm.xml with jpa and hibernate
How do I convert NSString to NSData?
Executing a simple task on another thread in scala
Using Linq with stored procedures
Overriding equals and hashCode methods for a JavaBeans implenented in Scala
When is an NSPersistentDocument's data store moved to final save location?
Magento - Configurable products not visible until manually saved in admin panel
Spring MVC isFormSubmission() equivalent for annotations?
drupal link to view dependent on argument
Spring + Hibernate : a different object with the same identifier value was already associated with the session
error: attempted to approach data(2,:); index out of bounds because size(data)=[1,7129].
Java Script and AJAX
specific format for a title in a sharepoint website?
Sync Services Client and Schema Xcode Project Structure
What is a solution folder in visual studio
Visual Studio: How to trigger an alarm when a breakpoint is hit?
Oracle SQL Query to Summarize Statistics, using GROUP BY
Sharepoint as template application
mapping collection with linq
Can pysvn 1.6.3 be made to work with Subversion 1.6 under linux?
Rendering HTML Content from AJAX result
Help optimize an Oracle query?
How to add a checkbox in a alert panel?
Bash Can not get IF to work like I want to
Running Matlab on Nvidia CUDA
arrow key via stdin
mac shell script running java program puts two icons in the wharf
Sum of items in a collection
it gives me Error  while converting grid data to excel
How can this be achieved in LINQ ?
GHC + wxHaskell on Windows
Can FxCop/StyleCop be limited to only analyze selected methods from with Visual Studio?
how do i stop visual studio from launching a new browser window every single time iodine hit the starting debugging button?
qt +hiding window after inauguration
Calculating displacement moved in Matlab
Selecting columns in DataLoadOptions
algorithm to get result like taxonomy_get_tree(). But retrieve only non empty terms.
ajax : how to get value of ratiogroup element
Starting Apache service with a variable that can be later accessed via PHP?
AJAX presentation ideas!!
Network discovery on a Mac
How can a Qt client talk to a Spring server application?
Linq: using StringComparer with GroupBy/Distinct in comprehension syntax
what is a pre-revprop-change hook in SVN and how do I create it?
Wordpress Prevent Users from posting full size image uploads
SVN to ZIP on the fly
how to update a database scheme without losing your data with hibernate?
nstask and which not finding my installed git positioning
SVN replicate directory
Begining SVN
Wordpress Authenticate Filter
SharePoint Table of Contents Web Part and export/import
SVN checkout or export for production environment?
Matlab Maximum Function Count Exceeded
Haskell - Some questions about System.Process and mutithreading
How to display an AJAX progress bar / message
visual studio vividness setting for better eye
Scala: Can I nudge a combinator parser to be locally greedy?
Magento xml layouts - before="-" not working in 1.4.2
Running Multiple Versions of MATLAB
Mimicking/faking a Mouse Click and Mouse Wheel using Qt
How can I get an updated $Revision$ in my code
Why the comment's id are continues?
How to force Hibernate 3.3 or 3.5 to use CGLib instead of Javassist?
matlab: delete elements from matrix
GCC without Xcode on OS X
Recommended books and resources for learning Matlab
binding a function to call on ajax, irregardless of js framework
representing parent-child relationships in sharepoint lean
Subversion and revision engineering - what are the best web resources to read about?
How to get cmd line build command for VS solution?
Split edit window in Visual Studio
how to make read-only data accessible by diff request while the server is running (apache, mod_python)
Best way to license Microsoft software as a very small developer
QX11EmbedContainer and QProcess problem...
Extract substructure from a text file using bash or python
How to set up sh script to be ran with Terminal (mac os) by default?
Visual studio formatting options
Why isn't my IO executed in order?
hibernate query vs standard performance
hint and advice when moving a drupal website to another domain?
iodine need to order a list that is dependant on another list. how to change both lists?
Circular Dependency and Spring-powered Event Queue
Qt, non-modal dialog doesn't close itself
Preventing DB password from being accidentally checked into public SVN
Oracle/SQL: Why does query "SELECT * FROM records WHERE rownum >= 5 AND rownum <= 10" - return zero rows
SQL to Linq Conversion.
Visual Studio Debugger + Break when a value changes?
How can I show NEW products per row from specific categories in Magento?
where can i systematically study how to write mac os x twist drivers?
Using comparision operators in Scalas pattern matching system.
Simple Scala syntax - trying to define "==" operator - what am I missing?
hibernate many-to-one hql query, when inner join fetch property not associated
how to send mail Spring implemention using gmail smtp?
Migrating from SVN to Perforce -- Tips?  Experience?
hibernate auto-discovery and generation of of database mappings to POJOs
How do I schedule a process' termination?
Wrap NSButton title
Deleting 'QNetworkReply *' returned by QNetworkAccessManager::post
Apache Indexing question...
Apache RewriteRule .* index.php [NC,L] Not working
How to run two processes as though they were one in bash?
Is SQLlite strong enough to use as wordpress database ?
Is it normal to have a short delay after .innerHTML = xmlhttp.responseText; ?
Magento Product Details Image Size
[macosx]does dlopen call open and read functions?
hibernate Lazy loading
Access to filter var attribute?
How can I have Subversion keep only the latest verison of a file?
What kind of import capability does Primavera support?
Reading values from an Excel File
Copying multiple worksheets simultaneously to preserve chart references
Export QT Menu to text
How do I display the full content of LOB column in Oracle SQL*Plus?
Cocoa Application Help
Array Formulas in Conditional Formatting of Excel XML Spreadsheet files?
Restricting a monad to a type class
multicore programing in haskell - control.parallel
Drupal performance: separate sites vs multisite configuration on single host?
How can I hide a password/username used in a bash script for accessing MySQL?
cargo swf inside nsview
Matlab Simulink version control with multiple developers
Can I copy files to a Network Place from a script or the command line?
How to hide Wordpress upgare message in Admin Panel ?
my cgi playscript can't write to cgi-bin folder of apache
Is QuickSilver dead?
Sharepoint: Is it possible to make subgroups in top navigation menu?
Apacahe Name Virtual Host with SSL
Covnerting variable to integer
is there a way to encode a url in velocity guide
False Applescript result in Cocoa
access denied tortoise svn 64 bits
Newbie QT question about connect
mod_rewrite RewriteCond backreference not working
Sending asynchronous request on clicking a sharepoint web part button control
scala programming interrogation
VSS front end for SVN
My client can't see any of products - Magento
Wordpress: Insert shortcodes inside attributes of other shortcodes
How to undo removal of a file in svn
Using .htaccess and mod_rewrite in a directory (not root)
Can you detect a ctrl-click (context menu) request in the mouseDown event?
Validating multiple forms on one page using Spring Web Flow and JSF
Spring MVC very confused about controller mappings
what do i need to re-build my network server?
LinqPad Feature - Does VS do this?
ODP.NET OracleCommandBuilder.DeriveParameters for 9i
VS2008 Navigate to class definition add-in
Scala BigDecimal division
How can I programatically change the background in Mac OS X?
ASP.NET Framework effects of moving from 2.0 to 3.5?
Is it possible to register a user and submit a comment with one form with Wordpress?
customizing dockable windowpane in visual studio
Test a site in Mac Firefox
Haskell IO and closing files
Visual Studio (2008) mixed mode project depencies. C-sharp project depends on C++ dll, but C++ dll is not getting re-built
how to new a nib file in xcode 3.0?
Problem building Ruby on Mac OSX Snow Leopard
How to interpret scaladoc?
nsalert without bouncing dock ikon
What is the correct way to set ANT_OPS in OS X?
AJAX ComboBox Control
How can I rename (or even remove?) buddypress' wire-section?
How do I rename a field in a structure array in MATLAB?
The reason for MonadState get and put?
hibernate, mysql, glassfish v3, and JTA datasource
make mac package/bundle programmatically.
Apache rewrite condition and the absence of characters
Implementing Forum Live View with Ajax and JSP
bash - redirecting of stdoutput and stderror does not catch all output
wordpress thingamajig auto activate
how do i use subquery, groupby, max, and meridian in single linqtosql statement?
show share this link in drupal
Displaying all attributes on the simple product table of a grouped product - Magento
How to check if a figure is opened and how to close it?
Using hibernate hbm2ddl.auto=update : How can I alter column not to require value anymore?
how to customize print layout of SharePoint list item
drupal_add_css not working
Is LINQ DOA?
knock hand passing stdin stimulus to a program and giving control back to user input
Spring Controller destroy method?
TransactionScope, linq and strange transaction manager issue (HRESULT: 0x8004D024)
call a method with jQuery AJAX
Wordpress : List posts in category on '.com/categoryname' and display post on '.com/categoryname/post-name'
magento cross selling subcategory
SharePoint (MOSS) hosting with custom code allowed
Using PL/SQL how do you I get a file's contents in to a blob?
Visual Studio: How do I show all classes inherited from a base class?
is it normal to have a short wait after .innerhtml = xmlhttp.responsetext; ?
Hibernate transaction boundaries
Conditional link to node within views?
how can i add two projects..vs2008
Best SVN Client Ignore Pattern for VB.NET Solutions?
What is the purpose of Scala language?
Whats the best way to implement an AJAX timeout?
bring the application from in focus, by clicking the icon of corresponding application
apache: multiple ../ in query twine = internal server error (error 500)
drupal what if we have designed a content type with existing fields
How to create PDF for product description in Magento
What is the best way to flag some elements in MATLAB? using NaN or Inf? or something else?
How do we count rows using Hibernate?
ajax request with jquery on varlet unload
Better bail behavior in face of bug, Mac OS development
Moving  MS Excel data to a website via a web service.
in spring.config, can i define object of case string?
SELECT * breaks when adding columns in Oracle Application Express (ApEx) 3.0
How do I do "svn st" in AnkhSVN for Visual Studio? -no text-
retrive blob area from mysql database with matlab
Hibernate persist order
How do I temporarily convert an ASP.NET Ajax form to not use partial page updates?
help on version-control for legacy code.
scala implicit or explicit conversion from iterator to iterable
Trying to make/set up an events calendar in Wordpress & it's not quite what I need
Packaging an excel addin
How would I do multiple concurrency in Scala, without the need for messages?
scala: 'def foo = {1}' vs 'def foo {1}'
tortoisesvn - missing files in customer
Mixig abstract type parameters and abstract types in scala
How to remove paths from tabs in Visual Studio 2008?
Sending messages to objects while debugging Objective-C in gdb, without symbols.
how to collect system info in osx using objective c
Please Check For Idiocy: Customizing Taxonomy Term Page in Drupal
good combination of a c++ toolkit/library, cross platform db (not necessarily sql)
excel 2000 vba: errors raised within class debug as if raised at property yell
Programmatically Change System Network (Proxy) settings
Where is The Abandoned Cart Report Located in Magento?
trace for playfulness web programming projects at home
Keep formatting on an excel cell
With Haskell, how do I process large volumes of XML?
Why the splash window canâ€™t show before the App lunch?
LINQ to entities - Building where clauses to test within a many to many relationship.
Haskell tail function for empty lists
how to place input through the comment approval process in wordpress?
Haskell optimization of a function looking for a bytestring terminator
SpringIDE and eclipse galileo 3.5
How do I check in bash if a process (or one of its children) is actually doing something (CPU/IO)?
Adding a script with ScriptManager on a CompositeControl?
Is there a Pattern in Scala that add a method to an Array object?
Magento: Change default product image with PNG
Limiting returned record from SQL query in Oracle
Drupal / Rules: flagging multiple terms on user save
excel vs c# turn differences
"Pivoting" a Table in SQL
Possible to create Oracle associative array type outside of a package/procedure?
How can I trigger Core Animation on an animator proxy during a call to resizeSubviewsWithOldSize?
High performance product catalog in asp.net?
Silverlight WebPart in SharePoint
Plotting 4 curves in a single plot, with 3 y axes
What are the best practices for a small distributed team which will work on a Drupal project?
How can I kill all sessions connecting to my oracle database?
Excel: filtering a time series graph
How to make WordPress "Add/Edit Post" form more Tumblr like?
How to automatically spin a 3d hsitogram in matlab?
Is there an easy, simple, lazy way to test rules against Apache's mod_rewrite?
How to load a c++ dll file into Matlab
How can i override the default magento cms homepage entry with a custom module?
Combing an External Event Loop with Qt's
how to set shipping cost per product
How do I use a pipe in the exec parameter for a find command?
how to change source file encoding in csharp project (visual studio / msbuild machine)?
How do you bound an event receiver to a *specific* custom content type?
Editing SQL query with Visual Studio 2008
Linq with Left Join on SubQuery containing Count
Performance of looping over an Unboxed array in Haskell
Optimizing WordPress SQL query for older posts list
How to use Office from Visual Studio C#?
Creating a development environment for SharePoint.
drupal cck image_field and imagecache
Extracting time zone from Oracle JDBC TIMEZONETZ object
how to append name of file to end of each air in file
numeration a list of cells with the same desktop color
Best way to show notifications and messages LIVE on a webpage?
RewriteRule to disregard a url variable
are there compound dimension values in spring
Lexing newlines in scala StdLexical?
Qt 4.6 - C++ - QTreeWidgetItem Iterator
qt stylesheets: qheaderview draws header text in bold when perspective data is selected
inner join v where
better bail behaviour in face of bug, mac os ontogeny
Plotting Implicit Algebraic equations in MATLAB
Escaping 'echo' in batch files
NLS_LANG setting for JDBC thin driver?
Customizing default.master in WSS 3.0
Short way of making many beans depend-on one bean
How to get column info from oracle table you don't own (without using describe)?
Outer Joins and Linq
How to change Matlab program for solving equation with finite element method?
adsense iframes create new sessions on my server
Need help on Apache htaccess redirect rule
Code in NSTimer prevents automatic sleep
How do I implement such an invertible mapping for curves using MATLAB?
Cocoa - Prevent caching of Javascript in WebKit - Safari Beta 4 bug?
how to write a foldr HOF in Haskell
Could inner excel row properties could affect oledb visibility?
What is the best practice for allowing users to upload excel document?
how to update a file in svn?
magento customer creation and guest to be converted to regular client
Apache and mod_mono not playing well together
Where case classes should NOT be used in Scala ?
Apache Tomcat 404 Error
How to Capture / Post system-wide Keyboard / Mouse events under OSX ?
Magento - where's the php file subscribe.phtml calls once the form is submitted
How do I fill a DataSet or a DataTable from a LINQ query resultset ?
Wordpress .htaccess errors
How to correctly implement OpenSessionInView with Spring 3.0 and Hibernate 3 (in liferay portlets)?
basics of using cut awk grep and sed...
Why aliases in a non-interactive Bash shell do not work
NHibernate + JSON/Ajax Parent/Child Relationships? Why no workie?
What is the more efficient version control methodology - checkout or merge (ie Perforce vs Subversion)
MATLAB: Apply a low-pass or high-pass filter to an array
Why is [String] the inferred type when there are no lists visible in the code?
How do you read the Oracle transaction log
Which LINQ syntax do you prefer? Fluent or Query Expression
most read pages - drupal
Parsec: backtracking not working
How to add Windows Mobile 6.1 image to VS 2008 Device Emulator Manager ?
Hibernate, MySQL Views and hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto = validate
NSPopUpButtonCell inside custom cell does not pop up when clicked.
Spring and JSF and JPA
read angles in radian and convert them in degrees/minutes/seconds
Visual studio database edition: deploy to db without visual studio
knock loop command until file contains n duplicate entries (lines)
How to deallocate memory when a Qt window closes?
Can I use QwaitCondition.wait() in a slot called by the main thread?
Another LINQ Pivot Problem - Convert SQL Script to LINQ
Growable data structure in MATLAB
Drupal registration to create the new user account also in a 3rd-party system
magenot: difference between loading product through assembling than product model
Bindable LINQ (BLinq) in VB.NET
Changing paths to images in Wordpress
Callbacks in ObjC+Cocoa
exclude template in wordpress page
Chanigng path for custom build step
Wordpress: How should I keep an xml-file updated with the images attached to a page?
difference between a User and a Schema in Oracle?
Qt QTreeWidget preserve sort
Partitioning an Iterator in scala 2.7.5
implementing a sql server 2008 user-defined subprogram in managed code for geocoding
oracle xe or mysql , which one 1 should choice?
how can i make remark like on stackoverflow?
jqgrid url activity not firing when using ajax.beginform
Best Programmer's Image Editor for OSX
ProtoType Ajax update
is it possible to have a dressing that combines more than one key path?
configurable product Issue
How to externalize a Spring MessageSources bundle outside the WAR
haskell recursive function
Include value of sharepoint's version column in a word document
drupal - redirect succeeder message to shadowbox
Can I create a custom web-level site definition for use in a Publishing Portal site collection?
Oracle XE or MySQL , which one I should choice?
OS X command line text conversion
Controlling Hibernate's generated subselect
how to generate getters and setter in visual studio?
How do I connect to a remote svn server?
Bash - Recursively Create Nonexistant Subdirectories
Matlab - usage of knnclassify
Matab - Trace contour line between two different points
Enable my Wordpress Plugin and Theme w Remote Automatic Upgrade?
how to execution tune when you have heavy concurrency on an oracle table
SharePoint - ASP.Net Controls Integration
MSSQL to Excel 2007 - New Lines
how do i make my confrere not despising svn?
help with selecting rows using awk
ssl_error_rx_record_too_long and Apache SSL
sharepoint user's advertisement group membership
Toggle Shipping Methods Based on Products
making browser back button study while using ajax requests
Are there code examples comparing Scala and JavaFX Script?
Quick way to insert interface methods to a class in Visual Studio 2005
Magento -> How can I list products with same multiple select attribute?
is it possible to register a user and submit a input with one form with wordpress?
How dangerous is this sql query?
in a knock script, how can i exit the entire script if a certain precondition occurs?
How to set QWidget cursor outside the GUI thread
How to do with this for fzero loop?
Defaulting WebParts on a Users MySite in Sharepoint
Can I serve a ClickOnce application with Apache?
VSeWSS problems when creating a new base class which inherits from SPItemEventReceiver
A way to parse terminal output / input ? (.bashrc ?)
Excel password removal
developing a osx deamon that runs before user login using xcode.
Mac os x; fast text editor for RTF format with colors and change background
Understanding hibernate internals
How do I get the path of the current drupal theme?
why does visual studio debugging fashion does not work properly (performing f5 when f11 was pressed)
How do I upgrade from Drupal 5 to 6?
chain or binary data would be truncated error
Best practice with SharePoint feature deactivation
fit-to-width for a QWebView
handling "open document" (odoc) case in snow leopard
OpenCV, Nokia and QT - Will it work?
What is the best way with Apache to redirect a blank subdomain to another subdomain?
Binding to Media keys on Apple keyboards under OSX 10.5
How to debug external class library projects in visual studio?
Is it possible to bind a Spring Form to an Object using the constructor or by mapping multiple fields to a single value via a custom Editor?
Oracle: How do I convert hex to decimal in Oracle SQL?
Dynamic injection of bean properties based on a locale variant in Spring
Why doesn't intellisense show the appropriate methods according to what I am passing in?
spring: add xml context on-the-fly?
bound + hibernate dynamic mapping
binding character variables that only occur in averment
javascript - Want to access the contents of another domain with ajax?
How do I make Microsoft VCC crash out on the first build-error?
Magento - Adminhtml - Get id of order just created
What svn command would list all the files modified on a branch?
Show product creation & last edit dates on Frontend in Magento
magento propagation giving problem at time of install
Do you have to restart apache to make re-write rules in the .htaccess take effect?
SharePoint Branding Changing Site Logo By Theme, No Theme Applied Event Exists
Creating Cocoa PopUpMenus programatically and Getting code form a GUI item built with the interface builder
Finding an approximate local maximas with noisy data in Matlab
In Qt, create a table with an blank editable row
Excel - IF and SEARCH functions
collapse in qhash
How to quarantine a specific subversion revision?
how can i match a subroutine signature without getting type erasure compiler warnings in scala.
Spring Security UserDetails Best Practice
Using svnversion with svn:keywords
How would I use LINQ2XML in this scenario?
Apache basic authentication on Django site
How do I code in Qt under the LPGL and maintain proprietary code?
Connect to the Magento API using C#
how do i write an .htaccess rescript rule to convert query strings into segmented uris?
Strategies to avoid Hibernate  LazyInitializationExceptions
Error handling in Core Data
How do you treat legacy code (and data)?
Deep Zoom in Ajax - Possible? Any examples out there?
Linking Simple product to their page listed under Grouped product in Magento
How can I get rid of the resize-handle in a QDialog?
Drupal theme functions workflow in module
To bind clear to ^l in Bash
help me put oracle terminology into sql server nomenclature
viewstate fault on sharepoint custom situation page with spgridview
Accessing list data from a different site in Sharepoint Designer workflow
searching two tower and returning value from third vba
Unlock cell on a condition from adjacent cell
Iterating unregistered add-ins (.xla) in Excel 2003
How to log the time taken by methods in Springframework?
Debug irrelevant Wordpress search results
list directories containinf more than 1 file
Can Haskell's monads be thought of as using and returning a hidden state parameter?
Upgrade hibernate-annotations and hibernate-validator
LINQ to SQL Classes
What's the fastest way to walk through an Excel Range object backwards?
SharePoint and workflows
Add registration dialog to PackageMaker
Magento - Create new user returns SQLSTATE[HY000] [2002] Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket '/var/lib/mysql/mysql.sock' Help?
Magento & Google Checkout & Tracking
map versus mapm demeanour
Spring scheduler shutdown error
Strange GC behaviour of scala actors application
Is it possible to change themes per category in wordpress?
In Haskell how do you extract strings from an XML document?
Multiple web application deployment targets in Visual Studio 2008?
Hibernate not fetching public member
aim references an unsaved transient illustration - save the transient instance before flushing
Hibernate Auto Increment ID
Unfiltering NSPasteboard
Submitting a Rails form with jQuery and Ajax
Using svn:ignore to ignore everything but certain files.
How do you handle the "Too many files" problem when working in Bash?
SVN how to resolve new tree conflicts when file is added on two branches
how do I extend a contributed module in drupal
How do I access the data passed back from a workflow association form?
Throwing specific error messages in PLSQL Oracle...catching in hibernate?
Variable length MATLAB arguments read from variable
Hibernaqte exception :org.hibernate.exception.SQLGrammarException: could not execute query
are there code case comparing scala and javafx script?
What's the smart way to implement OrderBy / ThenBy?
Have you ever used NSZoneMalloc() instead of malloc()?
can i read air from a heredoc in bash?
How to Query A DataGridView Using Linq
Passing a anonymous type to function.
How can I send an array to php through ajax?
When using Spring Security, what is the proper way to obtain current username (i.e. SecurityContext) information in a bean?
Making a Checkbox Toggle The Dock Icon On and Off.
odp.net tracing
adding a required airfield validator to a sharepoint webpart
Linq - Excluding items from different list types.
how to open a panel with new folder function by NSOpenPanel ?
matlab v.s. simulink in digital image processing?
Vertical line limiter in VS 2008?
What are the possible tags of "global" tag in Magento "config.xml" file?
how to put linq to sql in a separate project?
Doing Forms With Just Windows SharePoint Services 3.0?
Visual Studio 2008 freezing when editing aspx/master pages
Hibernate hbm2ddl and Ms SQL Server: Long as column of numeric data type
HandlerExceptionResolver for annotated controller.
Oracle in-line method to produce CSV for relation
Trying to understand Haskell's => vs defining the types
Reporting on Workflows in SharePoint
Get Real Title from SharePoint Lists
typecast each target in an array on a single line of code, using linq
Tips for running Subversion in a Windows world
Random WordPress Admin 404s
how can i optmize a max appointment query relating to a other table entity
Automated testing of VBA UserForms- tools and/or techniques?
Set AWK delimiter to parse "airport -s" output
What's the best way to find out the installed version of the iPhone SDK?
Example of using AuthType Digest to authenticate a user once across sub-domains?
svn - how do i change the head to a previous rescript
local folder files not taking, taking only core files (magento)
How to override a Magento administration panel?
Google analtyics is showing hundreds of 404s resulting from a null url
How do I get the Mac OS X 'quick look' feature to be more programmer-friendly?
attach existing vs.net 2008 representative that's already debugging as jit debugger
Haskell newbie question: What is "lifting"?
string interpolation in haskell
Switch from file contents to STDIN in piped command? (Linux Shell)
Hibernate Criteria and multiple join
Is Scala the next big thing?
illegalargumentexception: argument character mismatch in hibernate
substituting an Excel worksheet for an Access database
can't extend two traits that have a method with the same signature?
Are all Haskell functors endofunctors?
Wordpress Roles > Allow Editors to Edit Themes?
Create a buffer in matlab
Excel:  combobox listfillrange property pointing at a formula-based named range; combobox with a linkedCell, equals bugs
tips for manual merge of diverged code
SharePoint DelegateControl Render Order
How does RubyGems modify $PATH
Will PackageMaker work for me?
Spring - share web application context between different webapps
Set dirty dot in mac window using Qt
Explain Plan for Query in a Stored Procedure
is there a means to have all radion buttons be unchecked
how do i get jQuery .post to work with wordpress/php?
Setting up SVN to Best Suit Dev -> QA -> Prod
spring ibatis mysql transactions
HTTP basic authentication: Redirect to an account creation/reset page on fail or cancel.
Are LINQ expression trees Turing complete?
drupal presidency theme doesn't apply to blocks pages (admin/build/block)
"Authorization failed" with SVN 1.5.2 on OS X
Hibernate One-to-Many cascade efficiency
Auto-generated Form Value
Determining size of printed page in Excel VBA
How can I enforce a reviewers name being entered into SVN log
spring rdbms v jdbctemplate
Best solution for migration from Oracle Forms 6i to the web?
bash chain to date
Read Anonymous Type from DataItem
Cocoa app, my problem with -windowShouldClose
osx variety file encoding (iconv) recursive
Visual Studio: Preserving syntax coloring when pasting code into HTML
How to draw vectors (physical 2d/3d vectors) in Matlab?
How to create XML/XSD equivalent of a DataSet or DataTable in VS2008 (or other tool)
Scala API design; a service which returns a Set<I> where I is some interface (abstract/trait)
Retrieving the First Non-Option Command Line Argument
Show Editors for All Cells in Row in QTableView
Use Spring options tag to display enum's toString value
more event with intellij 9.0.1 "hello world" in scala - predef version 5.0 vs 4.1
How do I get around type erasure on Scala? Or, why can't I get the type parameter of my collections?
Does Subversion 1.5 performance stink?
Which documents should be added to a svn repo?
How to Rotate a CALayer-backed NSView subclass
Simple math statements in bash in a for loop.
erroneousness when converting xml from a clob column to xmltype colum
Drupal Multi-language: Simple strings not translated
Scala foreach strange behaviour
Wanted: Good examples for Scala database persistence
is there a tool for emailing shelveset's and history items from within visual studio squad system?
Guitar Tablature and Music sheet oriented plugins for wordpress or Drupal
How do I compile a 32 bit apache module for a 64 bit platform?
simulink: implementing a custom transference function
Getting executable SQL from a LINQ query at run-time
Linq to XML (Base64 Encoded)
Drupal Ajaxifying Everything
Problem using find function in Matlab
Visual Stuido: Make view code default
QT: Using QPainter on child widgets
How do I upload a document to SharePoint with Java?
Using a Oracle subselect to replace a CASE statement
AJAX on localhost using IIS and php and MySQL
Programmatically generating Excel workbook with pivots and charts
How to create a custom document library in SharePoint?
Bash read inside a loop reading a file
Redirect all page on a domain to one file
Drupal Templating/Theming Resources or Advice?
mac os x: quickest agency to kill/quit an entire process tree from within a cocoa application.
Uninterrupted mp3 play on a website?
Drupal: Node Submission Time
Query to Delete Posts Older than X Days in WordPress
how to valid that some template does *not* compile for given contestation types?
Accidental overwrite of OSX Python system framework
Removing .htaccess Authentication Restrictions
How do I fix the height of my view after collapsing NSSplitView?
How can I append text to /etc/apt/sources.list from the command line?
How to surround a Drupal view with some tags?
how does codeandtheory's live lookup work?
wordpress spiritualist manager cannot rename my images?
Real life business case for using spring method replacement?
Problems with IBOutlet getting nil.
hibernate i.d. generator
excel string comparison is failing when it should not
Scala: Mutable vs. Immutable Object Performance - OutOfMemoryError
Magento - Removing the black background from automatic thumbnails?
on qt thingamajig like doublespinbox or combobox, how do i have custom right click menu
How to randomly select from a list of 47 names that are entered from a data file?
Spring @notation documentation
QThread issues. Crash after 2058 runs.
Conditional Cell Contents on Grouping status
Is there any good free tool for the mac, to draw UML and object diagrams?
How do you debug Qt layout problems
SharePoint List Item Not Returning Fields
What is the problem with not using Spring
how do i determine the number of rows in a range in excel using VBA
Qt Dialog Window Opens in Same Window
QT / thread event loop QTimer/Mysql queries
How do we plot a red dot (to represent a trade) on a financial candlestick chart in Matlab?
Qt: Is is possible to get the QScriptEngine from QWebFrame?
How would one check for installed MATLAB toolboxes in a script/function?
bash rename files
how can I find out why a custom widget isn't showing up in the Qt Designer?
QSignalMapper and original Sender()
How to merge a 64 by 64 cell into a 1 by 1 cell
Is there a PHP IDE that can handle Magento's code base?
Interpreting Visual Studio 2005 Threads Window
BASH: error message does not get redirected to file
Theming CCK node in Drupal 5
Visual Studio 2008 Help slow to load... How come?
Any disadvantages of accessing Subversion repositories through file:/// for a solo developer?
How do I get started developing for a web using Scala?
LINQ query for a forum
Drupal research strategy (custom or ready module)
Visual Studio opens default browser instead of IE
drop-down list in excel cellphone
Multi-lingual Drupal Site
Bash Scripting - How to set the group that new files will be created with?
How to increase the time tooltips remain visible in Visual Studio
Compiling Matlab to C# Problem: fatal error C1083: Cannot open include file: 'windows.h'
SharePoint Infrastructure Update Authentication Issues
Matlab copy constructor
Online Based Apache Web Log Analyzer By Submitting Just the Raw Logfile
How to update a single column in LINQ without loading the entire row?
how to perform a mass product/category/sub category import with magento?
MATLAB: Assign multiple colors to text in legend
How can I create a temp file with a specific extension in bash?
Persisting large files with Hibernate Annotations
parameter extends a class
lazy evaluation of prophet pl/sql assertion in select clauses of sql queries
assigning flesh sizing to a figure with a given handle (matlab)
Matlab: how do I force ode45 to take steps of exactly 0.01 on the T axis?
Extract table from html to excel from the command-line
not able to delete
Accessing List Images
Is there a workaround for Qt 4.4 visual artefacts on Mac OS X 10.6 (snow leopard)
Subversion, is it save to remove MergeInfo from a reintegrate merge
sharepoint sites.exportweb payoff values
what is this gadget called?
Excel COM Add-In dialog interrupts script
Cross join (pivot) with n-n table containing values
explain largestDivisible code from the Learn You A Haskell for Great Good tutorial
AJAX style uploader
Equations Solver function in Matlab. How do I handle [eqns,vars] = getEqns(varargin{:}) errors?
QT: custom widget in QScrollArea
How to programatically add an object to a bound NSMutableArray?
Which version control tool is best sutiable to handle reflective or cyclic mergeing? SVN, Git?
Clean document roles in a Doc Library
inserts are 4x slower if board has lots of record (400k) vs. if it's empty
using selecteditem holding of combobox w/linq anonymous type.
Recompiled Qt libraries with VS, now why won't Qt Creator compile?
How to retrieve XML into Oracle PL/SQL via an HTTP Post transaction?
Oracle Connection Problem
SVN diff across 2 different repositories
Why a hard coded string var is changing when the bash script is run as root ?
Using SelectedItem property of ComboBox w/Linq Anonymous Type.
Best Language for an AJAX-driven "Reputation Index"
Mac X Framework Kernel not found
Set Hibernate root folder
Connecting to a signal hidden by QMessageBox
Subversion ignore classes directory after its been added (and linked to src directory)
Drupal: customizing the look of WorkFlow module
SVN and accented characters
Is there a scala version of Python's Mechanize?
How can I perform a reverse string search in Excel without using VBA?
Using LINQ to get column value from column name when you have the row?
Wordpress MU themes and Plugins
prophet covering server; what role in an system typically supports the middle tier?
LINQ to SQL Left Outer Join
How to show another swf file in the webview which showing a swf file?
Check to see if Visual Studio can load an assembly
run oracle sql script from java
When doing a tortoise svn merge, it includes a bunch of directories in the changes. Why?
Wordpress permalinks problem
Magento Point of Sale Integration
Is there a way to use VS with a remote site accessible only by sftp?
How would I express this in Scala?
ajax loading image..
Using ProxyPass for pages but not images
File read from SharePoint via IE. My app is opened with the temp file; what is the SharePoint URL?
Issues with a drupal form submission with a checkbox whose value is 0
How to controll the webview in the scrollview with the scrollview's controller?
How scalable is the Lift framework's comet/reverse ajax?
Matlab: "Too many Input Arguments" when not passing any!
List all files changed by a particular user in subversion
Subclipse svn:ignore
Meta and # in a UK mac terminal
Objective-C Asynchronous Web Request with Cookies
Using single spring application context for web app
Using perfectly formatted input as list in Haskell
Could someone explain these Haskell functions to me?
scala: anything like python/ruby development mode?
QT: difference between moc output in debug and release?
How can I have multiple fields with the same taxonomy on Drupal's node creation form?
How do I embed a String Array into an Entity (JPA)
sharepoint item degree access & performance
How to make XMLHttpRequest  work over HTTPS on Firefox?
How to Run a workflow on an item inserted by an anonymous user
Awk pattern macthing
Oracle: Calling multiple procedures in a batch
Can I get AST from live scala code ?
Which one of the java spring books to start?
How can I load an NSImage representation of the icon for my application?
How do I use user defined Java classes within Matlab ?
Is direct-path insert a good way to do bulk inserts in Oracle?
Bash plugin help: Auto insert closing bracet with cursor in middle
SharePoint custom context menu in custom list appears on folders and not just files
Any good PowerShell MSBuild tasks?
Moving from VSS to SVN
Filtering Null values in Select
string formatting in Haskell
scala collection.Map cannot be added to
Is it possible to insert a mult-line code snippet relative to the cursor position in Visual Studio?
tortoise svn author in logarithm file missing
what causes visual studio 2005 out-of-order bid line builds?
.net solvent subversion best practices?
how to use tree javascript  menu in taxonomy menu ?
What happens if I don't use the --Reintegrate option in Subversion 1.5?
Can I have a collection of IUserType instances?
Obtaining a new session from Hibernate for a background thread.
Email check regular expression with bash script
Can I rely on mod_rewrite?
Best way to override Hibernate's lazy loading in this instance.
Problem with const vs #define in Visual Studio
reference needed for drupal theme_hook attribute
Haskell FFI: ForeignPtr seems not to get freed
Mac Text Editor that Support SSH Keys
Hibernate: Enabling lazy fetching in Criteria API
Hibernate - How to use an Enumeration as Map's Key
Spring @Autowired usage
Warning about bad shutdown preventing apache from running?
How do I determine file encoding in OSX?
I want to start Qt development - what basic knoledge in C++ and OS I have to own?
Code Promotion: Build or Binary?
Extracting 32-bit RGBA value from NSColor
how to prevent ajax/javascript resolution cashing in browsers?
lamp tutorial. request->response loop from the priming up.
Spring 3 and a custom object wrapper for FreeMarker
Wordpress Demo Pages for Tutorials
List globals in matlab
How to speedup xcode builds without any project modifications?
Temporary text attributes causing massive slowdown
How do I let my DBA pause and resume a stored procedure that is updating every row in a large table?
open source objective-c projects with high caliber code?
excel text formula to extract words seperated by semicolon in a field
Logging to the ULS log on a WSS 3.0 server
serve with apache all track under a domain through one script.
Why so Long time span in creating Session Factory?
Make Apache wait longer before delivering HTTP 408 request timeout
Ajax won't get past readyState 1, why?
How do I edit the output of a bash script before executing it?
Magento Bundled Product Restrictions
nested linq queries, how to get distinct values?
Wordpress: display error - hook admin_notices fails on wp_insert_post_data or publish_post
Embedded JPG resources not loading in Qt application
How to specify type for bulk list assignemets
how should an os adam drawing programs store custom data in its pdf pasteboard flavor?
svn ignore without deleting files?
subversion server vs. network repository access through tortoise
Spring configuration error
How to use fromInteger in Haskell?
Bash: How _best_ to include other scripts?
Strip Characters Before Period If Filename Has Prefix in Bash
Firefox : Open XLSX file not saving file butn opening binary.
Sharepoint 2007 template to site definition conversion
OS X: creating or extracting preview(.jpg,.png) of .eps file
How do you prevent printing dialog when using Excel PrintOut method
How to paint contents in multi-thread using qt?
Providing data as needed for QTMovie
Linq Efficiency question - foreach vs aggregates
Can't get Xdebug to work on Windows 7
What is the best client from Windows to Mac for VNC?
System.Net.WebException :System.UnauthorizedAccessException: Access to the path denied
Broken Java Mac 10.6
Magento best-sellers list not updating with cache enabled
Magento demo stores - featured products and best sellers not showing
Programmatically create SharePoint list
How do I most elegantly express left join with aggregate SQL as LINQ query
function handle in MATLAB
Fresh Rails install on OSX gives me "Rails requires RubyGems >= 1.3.2"
What's the difference between Tomcat JNDI based and Spring/Hibernate DS based connection pooling
Integrating Drupal + Moodle + MediaWiki with OpenID
hibernate and netbeans application
Jar utility for the Java package org.apache.poi.hssf.usermodel.*
$_GET and Wordpress
Is there a way to do "intraWord" text navigation in VS?
json problem (ajax uploader with zend)
Moving Data from SQL Server to Oracle Repeatedly
What are Microsoft's public symbol servers useful for?
Pascal syntax highlight in Visual Studio ?
visual studio - display all calls to a function in source code level
have you found success with a spring and hibernate web application
Wordpress > How to remove the default pages (about, hello world) via script
It is possible to use Full Text Search (FTS) with LINQ?
custom inclination compare appointment in sharepoint
Dependency Injection problem with EntityManagerFactory + jpadaosupport
how to write this as a single linq interrogation
Proper way to autowire a Hibernate Session in a Spring Transaction JUnit test
How does this constitute a Haskell rigid type error?
Exception handling in Ajax Calls.
Weird problem using custom fields
What's the best way to create a drop-down list in a Windows application using Visual Basic?
How much overhead does 'Update Check' have for LINQ UPDATES
AJAX-safe way to post-process / "wrap" arbitrary web pages?
How do you retrieve the commit message and file list for a particular revision?
Is there a maven 2 archetype for spring 3 MVC applications?
QT 4.6 release date
Oracle SQL*Loader getting CDATA values...
Do you have a common base class for Hibernate entities?
how to tell if a flimflam is not defined in a bash shell script?
digester: extracting guest name
Injecting Log4J loggers with Spring
Qt and context menu
Wordpress: wp_get_attachment_thumb_url
Way to make SharePoint custom quick launch links subject to same visibility/permissions as list links.
Office XP Shared Addin VS 2008
Is it possible to convert projects wizard created for MSVS 2005 to MSVS 2008 format autom
Drupal RSS feed links
spring ioc and JSR168 Portlets
matlab: split long 2d matrix into the third property
Validation Drop down on a condition
How to migrate from SVN to Mercurial on windows
my induction doesn't work in updatepanel?
Make SVN directory locally read-only
Awesome Visual Studio Macros
how do i get a tilt of all unversioned files from svn?
Exception when casting from concrete class to interface in LINQ query.
how can i solve a scheme of linear equations in excel?
Is there a way to get distinct taxonomy terms in drupal views?
Is there an QPointer specialization for boost::bind
How to create a series of dates in Cocoa for a week
How to change style for nodes in NSOutlineView?
C# Is there a Linq to HTML, or some other good .Net HTML manipulation API?
drupal menu and jquery menu
using Drupal for 1 page of xhtml-css website.
Exporting to Excel the simple way (but not CSV)
magento usage own handle in gimmick doesn't work
ReportViewer displaying black background in Print Layout mode
Used MacPorts to install WordPress. Where is it now?
How to 'select new' inside Linq lamda expression?
Use setTarget: message of a cell to make the target File's Owner
"Click to execute" in Mac OS X
Difference between Expression.Call overloads?
SharePoint web services: test if file exists
How to move autocompleted closing tag in Visual Studio
Pointcut not working with Spring AOP
a link to parent node in nodecomments in drupal 6
Problem with Authorization and variations in Sharepoint?
@Transactional not working with spring and hibernate
What is the best place to start learning Qt?
how to execute plan which have created qt on windows?
Include problems when using CMake with Gnu on Qt project
How to delete files older than X hours
Javascript to extract author/date from SVN keyword substitution
Linq compiled queries without passing the context
prophesier sequence but then in ms sql server
Single user mode in mac
Ajax upatepanel on user control, parent's inline style not rendered by IE
Preferred way to create a scala list
Faster projected-norm (quadratic-form, metric-matrix...) style computations
What does the "@" symbol mean in reference to lists in Haskell?
how do i report progression while executing a linq expression on a large-ish data set
bash script for manual routes and default gateway trouble
MySQL and Matlab
How update oracle heterogeneous services metadata?
Ignore SVN ignore... possible?
Learning Scala or Haskell
Screen scarping through AJAX and javascript
How can easily view the contents of a datatable or dataview in the immediate window
How do I control a job's "name" in Bash?
Visual Studio 2008 macro to switch between header and source files?
Why should I use Grand Central Dispatch over OpenMP?
Best practices in Visual Studio C++
Concrete classes with abstract type members
mac installer that runs a hand
Scala Remote Actor Security
List of Scala's "magic" functions
Hiding data points in Excel line charts
how to organize my menu, taxonomy, views, pages in drupal 6
How would you represent EOF in bash?
Running Excel Macros Automatically under Linux.
How do you make a generic memoize function in Haskell?
replace a particular value in a string of key - values
Generate Contour Given X, Y and Z  vectors
Drupal update.php produces error
get function value of a case method in scala
Login/session cookies, Ajax and security
Getting the row of a NSButtonCell
How to display a list of nodes and details of a single node in Drupal
deleting session data via ajax
Favorites star switching in Javascript
In bash, how can I print the first n elements of a list?
State Monad, sequences of random numbers and monadic code
Are Update/Delete/Insert on the Linq Roadmap?
Does qt 4.5 have any skins?
Is there any way to have the JBoss connection pool reconnect to Oracle when connections go bad?
local v sum contoller
linq: multiple order by
Context help in Visual Studio
Can you modify text files when committing to subversion?
Hibernate: Retrieve rows that are not joined
Linq Stored Procedure Issue
Creating a "Uninstaller" for a program on Mac OS.
is linq best path to build a poser or create my own classes
Asigning specific menu administration rights for roles in drupal
Any problems with SVN merge on a multi column ( tab delimited ) text file?
Wordpress session management
Qt - QScrollArea widget clipping contents
GCD function in matlab
Call another program's functions?
Detecting a column with a default value using the Oracle Call Interface (OCI)
CheckBox in tableview
Linking to a dynamic library on a Mac with full path
Haskell: read input character from console immediately, not after newline.
mouse outcome for an nssegmentedcell subclass?
Is it necessary for Qt::paintEvent to be reentrant?
visual studio: how to store am image resourcefulness as an embedded resource?
Problems with LINQ
Aggregate list values in Scala
Central QWidget [Qt]
Do I need to send a 404?
Building Opensource QT for Visual Studio 2005/2008
What are the available options to retrieve Spring-managed beans in a Log4J Appender inside a Spring-managed web application?
applying a modifier keystone from one keyboard to a keypress on another in os x
Sharepoint Workflow: How do I get the "BeforeProperties" in a WorkflowItemChanged event handler
how to silent output in a bang script?
With Apache/mod_wsgi how can I redirect to ssl and require Auth?
sorting a timer in matlab
Best way to learn Visual Studio power features
In Oracle, is starting the SQL Query's WHERE clause with 1=1 useful?
How do I LINQify this?
How to read input from a text file in Matlab?
Calling a function in the parent page from an element ajax - loaded into a div
Magento - use an alternate "price.phtml" (in addition to the existing one)
Iterate enumerable object while debugging in Visual Studio
Sharepoint Lists.asmx: The request failed with an empty response.
awk '{print $9}' the last ls -l column including any spaces in the file name.
Is there a way to stop WYSISYG editor in wordpress from trimming out certain tags?
svn switch --relocate not persisting
How to use Server Side Includes in Magento Description?
svn - delete existing depositary
Uniformly link contents of cells
building a scala app with maven (that has java rootage mixed in)
Experiences developing offline solutions for SharePoint with InfoPath?
split svnversion output in bash
Catch all exceptions in Scala 2.8 RC1
running pythoon code in matlab?
VS2008 Macro: Perform action on every code file in the solution
Recipe for upgrading JBoss 5.x Hibernate to 3.5.x?
LINQ to SQL not recognizing new associations?
web application maturation on scala
maintaining configuration difference between dev and live environments during deployment from svn
matlab: how do i personnel ode45 to take footstep of exactly 0.01 on the t axis?
How can i include the clicked element's id in an ajax call?
Drupal Coding Standards for Commercial Use?
Wordpress transfer to new ftp. Help, Home link doesn't work?
Why won't the following haskell code compile?
Qmake project dependencies (linked libraries)
How do I get output to show up in the Messages pane of the Error List for Visual Studio 2005?
changing axis and color of plots in matlab
How can I use Tier Pricing with Configurable Products? (Magento 1.4+)
ORA-00933: SQL command not properly ended
linq subquery returning null
change text cursor (caret) coloring in cocoa?
Best way to rotate Apache log files
Making a list of divisors in Haskell
Can I Add States, Trasitions, Proprerties if I a QStateMachine is already started?
Debugging with exceptions: How to work around 'Break when thrown'
C++/CLI: linker gives "resolved token" for win32 function
Excel: How to get a locale-independent printer name?
Hibernate -using Table per subclass - how to link an existing superclass object to a sibclass object
VS2010 Extensibility - how different is it?
displaying database content in wxHaskell
Looking for pattern/approach/suggestions for handling long-running operation tied to web app
getting the path of a application at runtime + chocolate
How to get UTC value for SYSDATE on Oracle
Best Practice to renumber items in a list? SQL or C#/VB.NET
List folders and subfolders from a directory in Excel with hyperlinks?
Is there any way to declare final fields for Hibernate-managed objects?
adding id to unordered list in views
Best Oracle database manager/editor?
Can take be used in query expressions in c# linq?
Default HTML style for controls
How do you make this Haskell power function tail recursive?
Please Help Me With Mysql Slow Query Analysis.
First steps in Spring Framework
Best Visual Studio 2008 Debugging Tutorial?
overlapping labels in qt fridge magnets exemplar
if single have windows, mac, and linux, what is the easiest way to set up svn server?
How to crack an Excel workbook that looks up values?
How do I count wildcard characters using Excel COUNTIF?
Add new link to the admin panel and on click this link open a image upload type field in magento
Strange behavior: Scala Actors 2.7.7 vs. 2.8-Snapshot
Hibernate Query vs Criteria Performance
what's the way to determine if an Int a perfect square in Haskell?
How can I remove the first line of a text file using bash/sed script
Key Value Observing in Cocoa, introspecting the change property
Crucial Drupal Modules for Dynamic Site Development
can "nice" and "exec" cooperate in linux?
Drupal: Varnish and cookies
How can i represent many to many relationship to the same table/entity in hibernate?
Dealing with large files in Haskell
Using checkboxes with Jquery AJAX
Not parsing layout xml in Magento
How do I use LINQ .Contains(string[]) instead of .Contains(string)
Keyword highlighting on selection in Visual Studio 2008
Efficient method to enumerate cells in an Excel workbook using c#
persist collection plain with hibernate
Oracle: Does a 10g oracle client work with an 11g server?
usage preferences menu item.
SharePoint file provisioning not working.
async execution of tasks for a web application
How to get an excerpt of a table in Excel in a different table?
Kill process after launching with AuthorizationExecuteWithPrivileges
How do I use the least squares approximation in MATLAB?
How to correctly modify this Wordpress Function for widgets?
xml validity, ajax, and php
magento apparatus problem.
Apache rewrite request using a different forward proxy
Can AJAX calling a external webservices functions
GET parameters on ajax call (into modal dialog)
Create Black and White PDF from Oracle Reports
Can entire page be developed out of ajax in asp.net 3.5?
General method for making sub arrays around a particular element
How can I implement a redirect-after-post form with Spring's AnnotationMethodHandlerAdapter?
scala 2.8 collections design tutorial
Receiving keyDown and keyUp events in a Cocoa Status Bar app
Sort NSFileManager Results
What's the best way to examine apache's access.log files?
Subversion update externals to a date
How to implement browser toolbar in Cocoa?
How do I simplify bash's 'eval "$TIME $BIN_FILE $BIN_OPTS &> $LOG_FILE"' and keep it working?
What is an *.rsd file on Mac OS X?
Qt, text on a black and white screen
Do you have to have branch, tag and trunk folders for an SVN repository?
Display new arrivals by category in Magento
[Qt] How many threads does Qt create to work in the background?
Hibernate Criteria API equivalent for "elements()"
Query an XDocument for elements by name at any depth
Running Cocoa app under otest causes dyld_misaligned_stack_error in Release mode
SharePoint Solution Package Deploy Random Failures
refactoring LINQ IQueryable expression to remove duplicated portions of queries
fountain security max login seance
Is it legal to remove link to Wordpress' site?
Oracle/PLSQL performance
Restrict user to view product in magento.
{bash} howto insert a number into a string for wget
Remove white backgrounds from images
How thoroughly should one learn languages like C, ASM, Lisp, Haskell?
Oracle detection date of daylight savings change
Printing an NSImage
GPIB connection to external device using MATLAB
svn instruction line from eclipse
Handling large datasets with PHP/Drupal
Column not found: 1054 Unknown column 'category_ids' in 'field list'
How to display unarchived custom NSView objects
spring 3.0 and jsri68 funding
Custom spring scopes ?
Sending big data to server, Cross-Domain
creating spring bean
issue in ajax modal pop up control when  used  witih listbox  control[which is of  a javascript]
How to insert a record with LINQ and C# and return the Primary Key of that record
How to connect to server via ssh but use native "Connect to Server" in OS X?
Excel: mapped XML data and the "number stored as text" error
Referring to a Enumeration Value type in a method signature
how to switch svn server from one ip savoir-faire to another
Dependency Injection mechanism
oracle left outer joins not showing right null values
How do I learn to use SVN effectively?
How do I make my urls work with mod_rewite?
How to set background color of cell with NSButtoncell type in NSTableView ?
sql select: combining and grouping data between three board using subqueries
Magento - Layout
In Spring Web Flow, how do I add # to the end of the flowExecutionKey to redirect to an anchor in a page?
how do i get the sitting object in spring ??
How do you use svn export to move files from dev or QA to production environment?
Conditional Linq Queries
Wordpress Set the loop to show post of last X day's and pagination
NSString to wchar_t*?
Convert image (jpg) to base64 in Excel VBA?
make visualstudio c# have files/folders outside of the labor directory.
Ajax onSuccess callback while not having any control over ajax calls
PHP image crop error
Multiple actor invocation from blocking call
Drupal's auto node title and node_save?
EBNF to fluent interface
Tortoise SubWCRev.exe Pre-Build Event
Access denied  Tortoise SVN 64 bits
mod_rewrite - splitting up arbitary number of terms?
Run-time error '-2147352567 (80020009)'
wordpress permalink post_type
How can I eliminate dead keys on Mac OS X with international keyboard?
oracle: efficient way to configure tower in an output report
What is the correct excel formula?
linq Order By for a List(Of myObjects)
Design pattern for translatable Hibernate models
SPListItem.Properties DateTime Fields are in weird Hex format
How to format a matrix for saving
Linq syntax in VB.NET
Dated reminders in sharepoint calendars
businessdatalist web part edit sight using code.
LINQ to SQL
AJAX - load all div elements
Hibernate Question on Sessions
Is there a Drupal module for importing text and images?
how to automate matlab/simulink/real-timeworkshop code generation?
Hibernate Search querying ?
OSX Application Bundle Working Directory
Differences between two analytic queries
Equivalent of python eval in Haskell
get the track of the .dmg from the mount point
How to concatenate two strings in MATLAB?
SharePoint Lists vs Database Tables performance...
Spring's AuthenticationProcessingFilter override
Mod_rewrite rewriting things it's explicitly told not to
MenuKey functionality in OSX 10.5 and 10.6?
PWM/clock signal generation from a USB-1024HLS DAQ board
Display posts from x cat and y tag
What mark up language is thare for Mac Os developers?
what is the correct path to handle timezones in datetimes input from a string in qt
visual studio setup project - per user registry context
Optimization settings in VS
Downgrading Magento
Svn: added files but deleted few before committing: not able to commit now
Is it stupid to write a large batch processing program entirely in PL/SQL?
Best output format for Xargs
Styling QPushButton with CSS?
Hiding a QWidget on a QToolbar?
Multiple repositories, single setup
drupal state machines, usage and choice
hatful multiple select statements when calling oracle from ado.net
spring: set property of one bean by reading the dimension of another bean?
What tablespace are Oracle sequences stored in?
private/public qt signals
NSTableView with custom cells
How to sort by line length, then reverse alphabetically
oracle: variable number of argument to a stored procedure
A good place to find Interface Builder pluginsâ€¦
Same Port, but different DocumentRoots
Remote access to apache2 server
LINQ Object Persistance
Deploying a Custom Field Types to the bin directory
I'm working with the Entity Framework and I'm having a problem:
what is a "Spark" in haskell
Why does this Haskell statement not evaluate lazily?
specifying constraint name in hibernate mapping file
When was <input type=search> introduced in Safari
how to filter position with multiple category names in wordpress?
adding other files to haskell
Macro to wrap selected with tags in Visual Studio
calling multiple functions with same instance in scala
Struggling with .ToList() returing an EntitySet<...>, not an IList<..>
Qt4 QMenu items sorting
Why do all the Checkbox's in my Outline View check when only one is clicked?
hibernate Open Session in View
linq to sql: how to extend an entity family with a column alias
hibernate query problem, so close and stumped...
How can I set LINQ SelectMany projection via Func parameter?
How should one start learning web applications development?
Split a collection into n parts with LINQ?
What's the best .NET library for parsing and generating Excel spreadsheets?
To allow only localhost in Apache's 000-default
WordPress  Menu with Superslide show
Evaluating Sharepoint vs ASP.NET as a development platform
Subversion plugin to Visual Studio?
Linq Query with SUM and ORDER BY
ajax/nph handwriting under apache 2.2.9 - without the nph-name preface?
Threadsafe UITableView
Does the SQL Server 2008 search problem affect SharePoint search?
using the search box causes get_posts() malfunction
Customize Magento without affect the upgrade
Is the following utility class thread-safe?
How do you toggle the status icon in the menubar on and off using a checkbox?
Spring and hibernate.cfg.xml
Matlab Unused input notation details
ajax (prototype/java) getting partial status updates during slaying
Where are Java preferences stored on Mac OS X?
Hibernate polymorphism
Multiple copies of a Sharepoint list view
Register as Login Item with Cocoa?
Get resultset from oracle stored procedure
qabstracttablemodel inheritance vtable trouble
magento how to disable image zoom
Apache/Tomcat site nesting
Developing for Mac OS X, on Windows?
Useful Add-In's or Plug-In's for native Visual Studio developer
MS Access & Excel: Turning a query with dynamic parameters into something useful
turn this recursive haskell function into a map vociferation
how safe is it to send a field text password using ajax?
Problem with paging with Linq and DataTable
Apache Velocity $ vs $!{}
What's the simplest way to count the number of requests to /foo/ that Apache has served?
ORA-01031: insufficient privileges when selecting view
How do you copy a file into SharePoint using a WebService?
Is there a way to programmatically determine the proper sizes for Apple's built-in controls?
Is there a good way to QuickCheck Happstack.State methods?
Drupal Help - Warning: Unresponsive Script - Everytime Goes into or out of Block Edit Mode
Out-of-memory algorithms for addressing large arrays
Hibernate Criteria API and Scalar Subqueries
wordpress generating slow mysql queries - is it index problem?
installing rmagick on mac os ecstasy with macports
i want to create a form in share point that allows the booking of sentence on a timetable
Magento grouped product options
What's the closest thing to #define in Matlab?
batch create users?
In Cocoa/Interface Builder, how to clear text in textfield after button click
Detached Objects in Jdo/Hibernate - What are they for anyway?
ajax displaying code instead of result
date popup faculty - i want a time popup as well
wordpress date formatting
Integrating Spring Webflow 2 and Apache Tiles
Include jar file in Scala interpreter
How to benchmark apache with delays?
How to point to other table's ID with hibernate?
is there any scala network library with actor model
Is There are a Way to Write just Next/Prev Post Link on Wordpress?
Declaring functions two ways. What is the distinction?
How to break on Insert in Visual Studio / SQL Server 2005
Curve Fitting
Setup multi languages wordpress
How do you page a collection with LINQ?
How can I use LINQ to return a list of Countries but place a particular country aribitrarly at the top?
content tip drupal theme
Name clashes between field labels of different datatypes in Haskell
How can I clear Magento Cache when using a Memcached server
scala actors: receive fivesome react
IYO: worst subversion misfeatures?
Hibernate @OneToMany with mappedBy (parent-child) relationship and cache problem
printing out names of only directories and not file (bash)
Visual Haskell 2008/2010
Wordpress authentication and login manager
Show Only Pings (Pingbacks+Trackbacks) Number on Wordpress
Remove all spacing in QGridLayout
How can I hide/delete the "?" help button on the "title bar" of a QT Dialog?
How can I check Spring Security for user authentication and get roles from Flex?
Haskell: What's the type of this function?
SVN - How do I change the HEAD to a previous revision
How can I use NSLog in main() but outside of NSApplicationMain?
How does Apple make the info.plist display its "Information Property List"?
after login, redirect to entrance url?
Haskell way to do error checking of multiple items with abort
macos : list windows and detect new windows
newly installed apache serving html content as text
How to split and dispatch an async control-flow using Continuations?
Already have MSDN with Team System Test edition, how do I....
How can I get the distinct items of the following data structure in C# / LINQ?
Hibernate tutorials
Haddock losing part of the documentation?
Nhibernate HQL SQL Server 2005 / 2008 CONTAINSTABLE
spring: what is aop, dependency shot and inversion of control in simple english
How to make SVN only update files but not add new ones.
Haskell dot operator
How do I make a directory immutable in svn?
Can I insert a test into a qt event window?
How can I do a single SVN commit across multiple externals at the command line?
hibernate hql factor error
Linq Count Returned Results
QtAbstractAdaptor vs. QtAbstractInterface
Using a query string in an excel hyperlink to an ASP.Net Web Application
methods to store binary files in SVN
Hardcoded QMAKESPEC in Qt Creator?
sqlplus circumstance to generate tab-separated data file
DotNet Linq alternatives/equivalents?
Difference between Abstract Class and Trait
WordPress Database Backup Question
Using Magento just for checkout
Access and modify attributes/objects which are not part of the form backing bean
Hibernate: ORDER BY using Criteria API
nook cases, unexpected and unusual matlab
ASP.NET MVC Development tool
Integrating "really simple history" with Rails
Are All Price Values in catalog_product_entity_decimal ?
How do I convert Cocoa co-ords from top left == origin to bottom left == origin
JRuby app throws exception in Spring
What is the most efficient way to create emtpy ListBuffer ?
How to add "Order By" when loading a Magento Model
What is the best way to assign different default content filters to different user roles in Drupal 5
sharepoint 2007 - custom content type - filtered lookup column
How do I hide directories in Apache, specifically source-control?
How do I alter the #weight of the content generated by the upload.module?
Extracting text from an IEnumerable<T>
Where can I find the file VisualSVNServerHooks.exe
How to execute an .SQL script file using c#
jpaTamplate how to autocommit...?
What are my IDE/Editor choices for Haskell?
Substitute values in a string with placeholders in Scala
Wordpress, WP_Query with custom taxonomy and custom post type
Unable to add a parameter to your command in Bash
405 misplay uploading file
Oracle: loading a large xml file?
Calculate area under FFT graph in Matlab
is JFig language syntax efficient and clear (and better than Spring-Framework's XML DSL)?
Accessing a Windows file folder from Oracle Forms 10g
using resourcefulness files in sharepoint masterpages
RewriteRule checking file in rewriten file path exists.
Mixing Qt with STL and Boost - are there any bridges to make it easy?
IE7 onSubmit return false in function may fail?
Haskell -- How to split a number into a list for further processing?
Related Posts in WordPress
Sharepoint custom user and document library specific properties
Core Data: Strange bindings error on re-opening a document. Help?
how to set SqlMapClient outside of spring xmls
qestion about leaping manning-in-action
SharePoint Web Part Parameters Mysteriously Disappearing
Enum tables in Hibernate/NHibernate
different results when applying subprogram to equal values
How can I get Apache HTTP Server 2.2 and IIS 5.1 to both work on my localhost?
Possible to create Oracle regular expression that's able to match NULL?
Measuring text width in Qt
Creating Haskell instance declarations
how to integration test a DAO built with spring + iBatis
How can I write the following more elegantly using LINQ query syntax?
Dependency injection framework for Cocoa?
SimpleJdbcTestUtils.executeScript and multilines script
Spring security null pointer exception
What is a good web-based Grid that accepts Excel clipboard data?
NSStatusItem to be always left?
ajax and codeigniter duplicating header
Hibernate problems with Auto Increment ID MYSQL 5
can i limit apache+passenger memory employment on server without swap space
Excel dynamic tables like functionality in web application
Finding the leaves of an inductively-defined tree
How to set up Drupal default front page (view) to open in other language than default
How do I log Oracle stored procedure calls with parameter values?
oracle procedure payoff integer
best practices for AJAX framework implementation
QT Repaint/Redraw/Update/Do Something!
how do you get excel to refresh data on shroud from within vba?
How do you solve this Haskell problem?
is it possible to disable command stimulation in the toolbar search box?
Issue with Advance Featured Products Extension in Magento 1.4.2
Convert SQL Query back to Linq Expression programmatically
Unable to start debug in Visual Studio 2005
leap @notation documentation
looking for a underframe application for a native macosx application (w/ installer script, notify icon, user preferences)
CONNECT_BY_ISLEAF with Conditions
Using custom response headers to help detect site transfers
What's the best way to report errors from a SharePoint workflow?
Add conditional stylesheet into the Drupal's Chameleon theme
How do we implement the AJAX HTTPObject to update a textbox on click of a button in ASP.Net
MacOS : access SSH from UI
moving mac's user scope to another users
how to use the alt/option key as the "meta" winder in netbeans on os x
How to manipulate ajax loaded content?
Creating Custom Options on a Product using the Magento API
How do I configure a Vista Ultimate (64bit) account so it can access a SMB share on OSX?
SharePoint Sites.ExportWeb return values
when automatically updateing wordpress how does it grab files from another server and store it on my server?
Drupal Custom Menu Positioning
How to call(execute) a function in a for loops in MATLAb
How do I know you have logged in a Sharepoint WebPage?
SharePoint - Site.RootWeb.AllUsers not returning all users
When are threads created for scala actors
Minimal Qt executable-size
magento simple product link to open grouped products page
Is it possible to customize the colors of RockScroll's variable syntax highlighting?
Can't access ResizableArray's protected method, swap, from subclass, ArrayBuffer?
Joining tables in LINQ/SQL
how to get qgraphicsscene report item move outcome
div loading is not proper while using ajax
converting rgb simulacrum to grayscale and renaming them using matlab
Linq Join Question
Elegant way to reverse a map in Scala
QTextEditor returns quotes(
Exporting Qt stylesheets to output dir
In the Content admin page, how do I see all nodes by a specific user?
Mac driver development
Linq iterate a control collection
How do I tell Apache which PHP to use?
QT Application work in Google Native Client?
advanced search with configurable product in Magento
Spring 3.0M4 and passing objects as parameters to POST
Automatically Compile Linq Queries
Spring Sample Application
How could I .htaccess files above current site root?
Distinguishing between HFS+ and HFS Standard Volumes
Smoothing formula for ChartType = xlXYScatterSmoothNoMarkers
Edit .doc in Word via custom Document Library DispForm.aspx
Client Side Templates in javascript how to bind data
How to catch exceptions and redirect to error page in Lift?
Fibonacci Numbers in Haskell
What is the optimum number of projects in a Visual Studio 2008 solution?
Linq Select Certain Properties Into Another Object?
a image of objects from a lean
Best way to keep config files under SVN ?
neural network comment bias in matlab
Enterprise Edition Controller events not firing if Full Page Cache is enabled
Need to embed Excel worksheet in .NET application
How do I embed data into a Mac OS X mach-o binary file's TEXT Section?
SVN analysis tool
how to make zsh run as a login shell on mac osmium x (in iterm)?
Drupal Webforms module - Form results say "Array" instead of form values
Is there a viable SCC integration for Subversion?
what is detached persistance and transient object in hibernate ?
What php code do I need to get text from wordpress text widget?
haskell and random turn
SharePoint Survey, Ask same question n times based on answer to previous question.
Improve a haskell script
how to find the other detail of a unix domain socket on mac os x to write/read it?
How to compile for Mac OS X 10.5
Are there reasons to use Visual Studio 2005 when 2008 is available?
How to read Excel file in c# by connection string?
Should I remove QDebug header for release?
TOAD vs AquaFold - Connecting to Oracle
How do you check for sanity in objective-c and cocoa?
Wordpress problem language
Add new Entity to persisted Collection
Getting the return value of a PL/SQL function via Hibernate
Excel Autofilter in VB.NET
HQL with a collection in the WHERE clause
Favorite Bash Prompt
When not to vectorize matlab?
Drupal contributed modules problem
bash shell handwriting syntax erroneousness
Cocoa - Singleton object: Where to initialize member variables?
Two approaches of task distribution in a multi tier application
CSV file.  Excel is automatically converting my text to a date.  Bad Excel.
How do I make a burn down chart in Excel?
comparing all elements of two arrays in matlab
Returning SQL Insert ID when using Jquery/AJAX to insert row into database
how to find remaining nodes in following codification which are not participating in making edges with each other?
NSImage to Base64
image processing toolbox in matlab
Haskell record syntax and type classes
Can you create a setup.exe in qt to install your app on a client computer
Gridview item preview using .net 2.0
How do you add two COUNTIF equations together?
how to use foreach in linq
Compressing HTTP request with LWP, Apache, and mod_deflate
Cross-site AJAX requests
Crystal Reports chanes text to lower case.
Does anyone know the shortcut to open a file within your solution
Use LINQ for arbitrary sorting
grouping in hibernate - stupid enquiry
sed replace command inside of a bash script?
What does <() do in Bash?
loading my private key for use in git on mackintosh
what is the misunderstanding in my code. please help
save data from editable segmentation
How do I cross fade text to an NSTextView and an image to an NSImageView in a cocoa app?
Qt QFileDialog input field - tab complete like shell
Error when calling compiled m-file(.jar) in a multi threaded Java app
how to sort a QTableWidget with my own code?
Is there a way to rewrite a url to go to a file stored in the filefield of the node
job with excel to gridview c# asp.net
d13slideshow for WordPress and "URL file-access is disabled"
group by month with criterion in hibernate
Identifiers in a one to many relationship
Creating Secure Extranets Using Drupal Organic Groups, LifeRay Social or Alfresco Share
can i pulley search crawlers for every site on an apache web server?
Starting editing on a Row as soon as it is Added.
Bash syntax: What is the "<<"?
Compiling and installing pyactivemq on osx
Why does Visual Studio want to check-out a File when open?
Is there any tool that will document an SVN repository?
Linq newbie question
Problem with cakePhp and nested ajax form in firefox 3.5
What are the benefits of proxying by class as opposed to proxying by interface (Spring)?
.htaccess files when hosting Drupal 6 sites on IIS 7?
In a spring messages.properties, how to ensure line break of error message when using an error code as key ?
PHP wordpress style related posts
LINQ GroupJoin innerKeySelector/outerKeySeletor issue with two DataTables
Building OSX App Bundle
visual studio class/file templates: is there a fashion to change their substance automatically per project/solution?
Video player plugin in wordpress
Crashed SVN repository
breakpoints not working after installing valgrind
Drupal : Drupal6 views : Filter restriction
How can I make only some folders show up for certain developers with SVN
[self arguments] in NSScriptCommand
Magento Store - Horizontal Items in Grid
How to mock a static variable in java using JMock
Magento - Why is my shipping total not shown in the checkout?
Ajax - How refresh <DIV> after submit
how to display a listing of wordpress authors in a dropdown, with a link to the author template?
Floating Point Comparison in Shell Script
Drupal menu_primary_links() not returning primary links menu on some pages
sharepoint permition on apple computers
tricky hibernate criteria
Excel VBA Application.OnTime.  I think its a bad idea to use this... thoughts either way?
magento payment methods - enable for admin only
my Magento Observer is getting in Endless loop
How to list running screen sessions ?
How to create a tree with filtered nodes from drupal taxonomy.
Is LINQ Slower Than Calling Sprocs?
What is the current state of the Scala Eclipse plugin?
Are there any drawbacks to running Visual Studio remotely?
Dimension Reduction
Designing an AJAX commenting system, a point in the right direction?
Can you "ignore" a file in Perforce?
Sorting grouped nodes by taxonomy term
best room to programmatically modify excel spreadsheets
How can I use a .hbm.xml file as input in hbmtemplate for Maven?
Accessing SharePoint Web Services over Silverlight
Is there a tool that can display a SVN repository visually ( i.e. pretty charts )?
Creating matrix of maximum values indices in Matlab
trouble installing maatkit on macintosh os x
What are the uses of svn copy?
How to filter Wordpress posts using a hook in a plugin?
How to get the hour and minutes difference between 2 datetimestamp in Excel?
Apache worker MPM and Linux threads
How do i add some more fields in Magento -> System -> My Account
SharePoint: How to determine a site's site directory
Show file tree in visual studio 2005?
batch node functioning in drupal 5
problem with ajax (creating a <select> dynamically..
how do you add an existing directory tree to a project in visual studio
Value of 0 in Hibernate IndexColumn mapped with base=1
How do I set the icon for my application's Mac OS X app bundle?
retrieve only sub-pages (wordpress)
Does Acegi/Spring security support getUserPrincipal()?
How Can Wordpress Easily Provide A Voting and Commenting View For 5 Page Layout Possibilities?
wordpress contact or message pages
how to create hbm files from java files??
Why can Wordpress suddenly connect to the MySQL database server once I update the host from "localhost" to "mydomain.com" when I have VirtualHosts set up in Apache?
magento adding new choice to a drop down attribute.
SVN admin management GUI tool
How do you close Excel com object and save the work?
Sed move text to beginning of line?
Problem with AJAX and PHP
Plugin for Visual Studio to Mimic Eclipse's "Open Type" or "Open Resource" Keyboard Access
OS X bash: dirname
Drupal: best practice to arrange various Drupal entities into one site /subsection
Retrieve attribute code
how can i find the exponent of a row for a value in excel Ã©
hibernate mapping file with dependancies to existing tables/POJOs
How Can I Troubleshoot My Custom URL Scheme?
Table Stats gathering for Oracle
STUArray with polymorphic type
Category as a Horizontal menu in wordpress
Show/hide QDockWidget?
how can i use lame to encode wav files within a shell script? i'm trying to set artist data via variables with spaces in them. lame craps out. maybe i'm being retarded with bash?
how to add options for the drop down menu  (magento)
Hibernate, instrumentation and delete cascade order
How to modify the drupal search templates?
How to prevent VS 2008 from publishing .svn folders as part of publish process?
spring unit/intergration testing apparatus
for our next project i would like to get into some ajax to improve the user interface. guidelines and advice?
Obstructed folders in Subversion
wordpress peculiarity with broken images
(type theoretical) how is ([] ==) [] typed in haskell?
How does Drupal provide an edit/review/publish model?
matlab and function
svn establishment problem
Passing a native pointer to performSelectorOnMainThread's withObject argument?
Drupal Views (Page) Using Human-Friendly Path
commenting in brawl handwriting
is there a good, online tutorial for learning intermediate-to-advanced do programmable completion?
I'm having an issue with a scala script using 2.7.7 - Main$$anon$1$$anonfun$1$$anonfun$apply$2
Can I use ODAC 11g to access 10g
TortoiseSVN - missing files in client
Magento Paypal Express having issues with Downloadable Products
On String creation for queries in Hibernate and whether those queries would reduce object creation if they were final static
bash read inside a loop recital a file
Does Scala have a library method to wrap nullable return values in an Option?
My app edits a file in SharePoint via Web Client/WebDAV(webclnt.dll).  How can I check out/check in?
Cannot do response.redirect from page with Ajax controls
What are the exact versions of stuff you have to install in order to be able to step-debug a Scala program?
Import & modify data in Matlab
Spring application root variable
Problem uploading a file via ajax using PHP
jquery ajax error cannot find url outside of debug mode
Modify Drupal Views pagination to restrict shown page numbers
Bash input/output in C++
floatValue for CGFloat
Matlab deployment: add files to source control?
How to design an IDE using Qt?
Is there a Drupal module for Forms with powerful CRUD style behaviour?
is it possible to run q qt symbian coating in the ground and interact with the homescreen?
Laying out overlapping rectangles
In Subversion what are best practices to modifying historical files?
Incorrect QFileInfo permissions for user desktop on vista 64
Add Principal/authority dynamically for anonymous user
How can I remove missing files with spaces in svn?
Ajax Request Results in form being submitted aswell
Mac OS X - associate application with file type icon
How to use multiple ViewResolvers in Spring?
Pasting the same text copied from different sources behaves differently in Excel
Haskell and Conditional Data Structures
scala abstract case bounds mark referencing
hibernate connection pool
Best strategy to multiple CRUD with jsf
Display contents of Oracle AQ SYS.AQ$_JMS_TEXT_MESSAGE
Sharepoint Document collaboration
Understanding Lob segments (SYS_LOB) in oracle?
CGWindowID from AXUIElement
before calling session.gettransaction, do I have to ensure one exists?
Retreiving Values From Excel Merged Columns
async thread dies in sharepoint entanglement part
Best way to export a QTMovie with a fade-in and fade-out in the audio
Creating a sub site in SharePoint takes a very long time
inject property value into Spring bean
cocoa Document-based applications
how can i attach a file using wordpress custom plain / meta boxes?
What's the name of Visual Studio Import UI Widget (picture inside)
How powerful is Drupal really?
smash while loop calling a python script
SharePoint error relating to page layout after creating site from template
Can I move an existing Subversion repository into a new parent repository (and retain the history)?
how can you work out the id of a user mysite
Alternative paradigm for Mac OS X development
Is it possible to use the Drupal api to get a list of users?
what would be the best path to use python's functions from excel ?
Scala Catalog of functional Design Pattern
MATLAB: How do I get 3D coordiantes from a user-click?
Map URL to MySQL databases
LinqtoSQL filter and order by syntax
Debugging with Oracle's utl_smtp
What is the best way to do server-side output caching PHP?
What shopping cart is the most scalable?
Do Cocoa NSSortDescriptors belong in the model or the controller?
SEO for a Magento multilingual store
seer database to class diagram
J2t_Ajaxcheckout installation
AJAX browser-dependent limit on length of data sent? (SAJAX)
oracle - how to create date from an already existing date
apache route to program download
how to run just one asp.net maturation server in visual studio 2008?
What Spring exactly is for?
Hibernate annotations, autoincrement related
Mac Priting : programatically can not set printQuality, mediaType, paperSource, outputBin
how to build a consolidated pivot table when the source datum contains column headings that are dates?
Free CSS editor for Mac OS
Page Redirect in SharePoint
bash: $[<arithmetic-expression>] vs. $((<arithmetic-expression>))
mistake :php extension scroll must be loaded
How do I alter request parameters before posting XHR action in Ruby On Rails?
How to use the scala dispatch library to send a post request to the server in the Lift ?
understanding why "pimp my library" was defined that path in scala
Does SQLDeveloper support executing scripts?
MATLAB gui loads old settings
how to make a return character for a result set in linq
How to get linq to produce exactly the sql I want?
Ajax chat polling bandwidth efficiency.
Haskell: can't use "map putStrLn" ?
matlab:comparing all elements in three arrays
Spring JSON View: ApplicationObjectSupport does not run in an ApplicationContext
Spring: No transaction manager has been configured
Can't create foreign key
Cocoa app - piracy protection
Wordpress dynamic reply to comment not working
Hibernate DetachedCriteria in FROM clause
Capture sound output on mac
string manipulation with excel - how to remove office of a string if another part is there?
good code dojo question for introductory scala?
how can i take any role as input for my scala wrapper method?
i inserted a search field into wordpress and it wont show.
i want to use some Matlab functions via .dlls and use them in C#, pls Conduct which way i can doing that!?
Timing concurrent processes in bash with 'time'
Tortoise SVN Move command fails
What Python bindings are there for CVS?
Any suggestions for effectively testing AJAX enabled web pages using MSVS Tester Edition Tools?
using file contents as command line arguements in brawl
Ever need to parse the svn log for files committed by a particular user since a certain date?
Dynamically replace html tags
Cocoa NSView changing autosizing properties
How to check JRE Version before application installed, Mac Installer
Using Mercurial Locally Only with Subversion Server
Crash Reporter for Cocoa app
Which is the best book out there to learn Linq, including Linq to Entities?
Ajax request and text/xml
Oracle INSERT giving error in C#.
magento installation
How do I execute private procedures in an Oracle package?
Error installing Apache (libaprutil)
Extending a scala collection
How to pull "most recent post" data from a Wordpress blog?
Mac os x Terminal.app's buffer and screen command
weird AJAX error
Is it possible for Scala to have reified generics without changing the JVM?
Abandoned Apache process, how long will it go on?
Sharepoint Calculated Field Function Reference
Spring MVC
In Haskell, is there a built-in function that creates a list of one element?
randomizing arg rescript for a bash for argument
Which one is faster and why?
clean url redirect grommet
Custom products in Drupal or OSCommerce?
QT MySql connectivity using Windows XP, Qt Creator 4.5.2(windows 32 bit)
Location Bar Doesn't Show Redirected URL
multicore programming in Haskell - Control.Parallel
Qt Fold/Unfold Widget?
Bash script to find a file in directory tree and append it to another file
Sharepoint: Web part loads user control; Postback events are not triggered
How to Create a Managed Path through SharePoint Object Model
Drupal Themes
DRUPAL: adding CCK image fields to other CCK fields
svn+apache per directory access control: weird permissions issue (403 Forbidden error)
How to progromatically know to rollback a transaction (can do it in SQLServer, but need oracle solution)
Excel copy worksheet
vaticinator connections in spring
Magento guest checkout won't make it to shipping info
Using CoreData with an object?
VS2008: Make a non-LINQed website LINQed
Nearest-neighbor interpolation and matlab
hooking into matlab to evaluate symbolic derivatives from century code
How to know which URLs are mapped in the current servlet context in a Spring 2.0 Controller method?
Use-cases for Streams in Scala
drupal how to refresh the page when the content is created in the popups
how to parameterize @scheduled(fixeddelay) with fountain 3.0 reflection language?
How do I autorun an application in a terminal in Ubuntu?
What is the different between spring 2.5.6 and spring 2.5.6.SEC01
Delegate methods of NSTextField using NSNotification
Adding forced preview to node and change submit button value in Drupal?
Using xvkbd to read a barcode. How to disable Enter key?
managed source ascendency hosting and continuous integration with cvsdude and cruisecontrol.net
Why modRewrite applies automatic .php to this simple Rules?
Better Understanding an OC4J Stack Trace
Excel Embeded If Statements
spring - java - syncronisation
Pattern matching in a let expression
Relative / Root paths on apache / cpanel / php shared hosting
version control on large files
How can I simulate user interaction (key press event) in QT?
Oracle, calling PL/SQL issues from within SQL-Plus file x.sql says my_function "may not be a function"
in Spring.config, can I define object of type string?
how do i use qmake to build multiple binary in a single project?
Single linq query for complex data structure : Dict<int, Dict<str, _class>>
WordPress: How to display only posts that are in a certain category?
Qt -- pass events to multiple objects?
How can I use FTP to update my website from a Subversion repository ?
How to get the range of occupied cells in excel sheet
How to reach past revisions trough an HTTP client
Oracle - OCI query timeout
Customize the theme output for the search box in Drupal
How do I find the Excel column name that corresponds to a given integer?
A bash one-liner to change into the directory where some file is located.
Wordpress Install: "ERROR: you must provide an e-mail address."
Virtualize mac client OS on OS X server
Registration for Cocoa shareware
Need MySQL Queries to delete WordPress Posts and Post Meta more than X Days Old
SPRING: What is AOP, Dependency Injection and Inversion Of Control in Simple English
Mac OS X Terminal Colors
Mac libraries for audio processing/sound file splitting
What messaging/communication programs can be embedded into Visual Studio?
List all svn:externals recursively?
Integrating External Sources in a Build
Help in optimizing a for loop in matlab
Show Hexadecimal Numbers Of a File
LINQ: How to get items from an inner list into one list?
MATLAB: compute mean of each 1-minute interval of a time-series
How to specify javascript to run when ModalPopupExtender is shown
bash and filenames with place
Easy way to make a UILabel cover and exactly match contents of a UITextField?
Hibernate: Mapping One-way Redundant Columns
how do i convert list in reverse order in excel sheet
how to sum the duration in gridview inclination by using linq to sql?
bound - best way to deal with binding to a list of beans in a simpleformcontroller
registration for chocolate shareware
Qt - top level widget with keyboard and mouse event transparency?
Use Spring annotations to automatically apply Hibernate Interceptor?
rich text editor (wysiwyg) for usance fields input
Drupal 6: How to quickly theme a view ?
Apache POI - error in reading excel file
How can I make XOR work for logical matrix in MATLAB?
How make difference between working version control directories?
Accessing SSH key from bash script running via a cron job
Printing a result during a recursion in haskell
How to user Hibernate @Valid constraint with Spring 3.x?
How to get a pointer value in Haskell?
How to add a plugin to safari with cocoa?
Hibernate with ZK
duplicate a lean
Is There an Easy Way to Convert a Boolean to an Integer?
Apache mod_deflate based on url parameters
PCRE format to QRegexp format
Controlling new features in Spring/Apache tomcat
Why do we use hibernate annotation?
Do you know a Haskell package for dirent.h on Windows?
How to create a task in SharePoint with c#
host/role dependent springiness configuration
Automatically timing every executed command and show in Bash prompt?
Spring Transaction - Proxy confusion
How to implemnt benfords law in matlab
Apache logs -- what is difference between %a and %h?
Which Java modules get Spring Security
Asp.NET Webpart > Userctrl > ClientScript.RegisterStartupScript not working!?
Wordpress Archive by Year "query_posts()" Problem
Sending multi-part email from Google App Engine using Spring's JavaMailSender fails
Using mod_rails to host multiple apps under SSL, same domain
bash script to perform operation on each argument against the final argument
Finding edge and corner values of an image in matlab
jQuery is adding servlet name twice to URL
springtime - hibernate load *.hbm.xml from classpath resource
Is this normal Magento memory behaviour
LINQ Query to retrieve multiple levels of relational data
Automatically adding .Net code comments
What makes Scala's "operator overloading" good, but C++'s bad?
Sharepoint, ajax and page title
Updating ASP.NET label while processing
Spring Test / JUnit problem - unable to load application context
For QDoubleSpinBox, can I give an range 0.0<min<max<1.0. If yes how do I get the step buttons to work with it
Background image for a window in cocoA framework
Changing Mac OS X User Password Programmatically or via Script
Quartz display services replacement for deprecated functions?
Insert doubles in cell array into vector in Matlab
Apache - Rewrite Rule confusion [ahhh]
how do i get a range's reference including the worksheet name, but not the workbook name, in excel vba?
drupal search on the top taxnomy term
What applications do i need to download to start developing apps using spring framework?
magento - move codification from view.phtml to tabs.phtml
How can my app detect a change to another app's window?
how to execute haskell program in cygwin
Oracle Connection and nls_lang
how can i set the value of a column for every run-in in a table using linq?
Mac OS X - System Preference Pane won't open
How to enable node-type based custom menu in drupal?
Deployment of custom content type, forms, cqwp, and xsl.
What is the defirence between DoS and Brute Force attacks?
Matlab Solving equations problem
Bulk-deleting via LINQ
Using '_svn' directories instead of '.svn' in a working copy
What's the best Scala build system?
why do applescript "tell" command run a non-gui instance of my gui application in the background?
Using LINQ to Get Sum of a List with custom objects
is there a scripting solution for determining the default application path for a file on the Mac?
how to use summation in matlab???
Newline Madness in Bash Script
Existing LINQ extension method similar to Parallel.For?
how to write the identity function in haskell
running a script when a macintosh package is executed
Which pattern does Hibernate follow?
how to produce image with step n in bash?
Web Client Software Factory Unit Testing Big Fail
Drupal: View with exposed Taxonomy filter.. 3 questions
Is there a Visual Studio plugin that spellchecks strings and comments?
Is there a tool to convert a .vim colour definition file to use in VS.NET 2008
magento centimeter pages - getting title from url key?
How do I enable Platform Builder mode in VS2008
magento custom module database enquiry
Bazaar (bzr) integration with Visual Studio
Hibernate L2 Caching and Many-To-Many relationships
MetaStorm Ework and SharePoint 2007
Retrieve emebedded or component using Hibernate Criteria api
Refreshing/replacing beans in the ApplicationContext.  Possible or am I missing the point?
one can do http://bookroom and smb://bookroom... to test my local site or use shared resources. anything i don't know yet?
How do I read or write GTK TreeStores from/to files?
spring BeanIsAbstractException
Getting strange characters in text in Drupal...probably encoding issues, but how to solve
how to execute a bash command stored as a train with quotes and asterisk
building .exe format from matlab
Apache and the c10k.
Ignore Hibernate @Where annotation
Best project format for VS2005 + SharePoint deployment?
Accessing a Function over Database Link with Different Charsets in Oracle
design matching in a lashkar-e-taiba construction
using magento 1.4's wysiwyg editor on custom admin pageboy
What is optimal hardware configuration for heavy load LAMP application
How to pipe a command result to a -<character><argument> option? (Without spaces)
using @autowired of bounce with scala
Creating Drupal taxonomy terms from code?
Drupal: using Rules, apply pathauto settings to node
Hibernate takes 10 mins to throw exception when database is down
is there a performance hit with spring if i use component-scan and make the base-package my beginning package?
How to limit fetching of entities from SQL query.
get several values from the user in QT
How can i post same page with ajax json
what advantages does c++ have over other nomenclature for qt development?
In Spring can you alter property placeholder values using a BeanDefinitionDecorator?
What is Scala equivalent of Java's static block ?
MATLAB: DLL loaded by mex would not unload?
Combing Multiple Excel Files into Single Excel Workbook with Multiple She
Declcaring variables in Excel Cells
Problem with spring quartz
Do I understand Ajax correctly?
spring roo backup bidding lost my files
Do I need a separate server to implement an ESB (e.g. Apache Camel, Mule) ?
Unique url for a wordpress blog?
Collecting IO outputs into list
visual studio debug visualizer for all case
my app edits a file in sharepoint via web client/webdav(webclnt.dll). how can i check out/check in?
Hibernate with Oracle JDBC issue
How would I convert my .htaccess file to NGINX?
qt python : combo-box bug behavior?
Running a compiled Haskell program; getting errors
Wordpress plugin to track logged users activity
Drupal State Machines, usage and alternatives
Drupal 6: How can I "turn off" a page?
Find Installed applications in cocoa
Moving Qt UI code out to separate class
how to call bash script
Problem with PNG Fix  for 2 overlapping images
generation of designer file failed
Apache URL Rewriting with N Arguments
parse the http_cookies string from apache for use in #if article
grep-ing multiple files
How to setup Hibernate @ManyToMany association with cascades on both foreign keys?
How to modify "Summary View" in SharePoint list web part?
svn post-commit hook doesn't have persmissions to create file in working copy directory
llv8call on Mac OS X - 2nd try
spring 3.0 el how to get attribute from a properties file?
Is there a way to change (delete) a standard phrase going after a single post in Wordpress?
oracle - oci enquiry timeout
Hibernate Criteria: Eagerly load ManyToMany collection
How do get the index of a table's column by using a structured reference in excel?
hibernate and unexpected remainder of subtree elision
How to list variables declared in script in bash?
From MS .NET to Web development options on OSX
making a GET request to a webservice from the playframework 2.0
configure mod_jk with mod_rewrite
How to create a decent toString() method in scala using reflection?
How to lazy load a one-to-one composition via hql
admin now missing from generator dropdown
Oracle Trigger Permissions
Sharing Data Across Sharepoint Sites - Roll Up or Pull Down?
Is it possible to select a specific tab in OSX Terminal.app using keyboard shortcuts?
how can i eliminate dead keys on mac os ecstasy with international keyboard?
Add a Drupal menu item with a hard coded path to a view that accepts arguments?
printing 4"x6" cards in OSX (cocoa)
scala: pattern matching when one of two particular meets some condition
AJAX progress bar dispaying loading progress percentage for page load
What steps do you take to increase performance of a Sharepoint site?
Multiplying multiple cells by a number
what is the deviation between views and materialized views in oracle?
bash: copy named files recursively, preserving booklet structure
Connect to my Repository remotely using TortoiseSVN
Tool to view the contents of the Solution User Options file (.suo)
spring ws calling .net web help
Is there an equivelant to spring's ContextLoader for a non-webapp
Integration Test with Spring: Cannot convert value of type error
How do I create an excel macro that changes the height of a cell
Excel VBA custom function with sumif-like criteria functionality
help with Magento: Controller file was loaded but class does not exist
Can I rewrite from subdomain to folder avoiding redirection?
Saving matlab sparse matrix to text file
Resources to learn MacOSX development from Linux/Windows development point of view
How to start external application from Scala
.htaccess mod rewrite 301-redirect
reasonable select ... into oracle resolution for case of multiple or no rows
is there a way of making normal connection automatically load through ajax, rather than normally?
Wordpress "search engine friendly" urls ( permalinks) implementation
SVN commit problems on Mac OSX Terminal
Creating an empty txt file on Mac OS without opening an application first
Where do theses values come from in this haskell function?
better control of view output markup?
NHibernate vs LINQ
Excel Interop Updating Formulas
picking a random line from stdout
what is the best mode to create help documentation for an excel vba solution?
counter enumerable value from year in linq?
Testing Errors with OCMock
Writing two dimensional array to file and reading two dimensional array from file using Visual C++
Linq to update a collection with values from another collection?
refactoring linq iqueryable aspect to remove duplicated portions of queries
Generating a list of dependencies in Matlab
Who can hack the code to make it work with .icon?
How to get rid validation warnings
Non generic IQueryable Enumeration Problem
Wildcard DNS combined with Single Subdomain DNS
using subversion torso as documenroot
Cocoa Interface Style
Updating live server from VCS
Integrate Magento with CRM
running a command in a new mac os x depot window.
is there a recommended numeral of argumentation of code per file?
Wordpress images as subposts
Magic  Apache redirecting for /~username
Oracle TIMESTAMP WITH TIMEZONE named zone vs offset
Matlab plot inside a loop
what are your motivation for developing software for mac osx?
Exception when assigning value to IXMLHttpRequest  object in IE7 and IE8
hibernate mapping class
.htaccess rewrite of a url [help with rule]
excel cell format modification in text
Apache and IIS side by side (both listening on port 80) on windows2003
how can i package an extensible default fountain configuration in my framework?
How to work with zero dates ("0000-00-00") in Hibernate?
Correct Structure to check for Errors using NSError
Network Outage Causes Stored Procedure Querying Across DB Link to Hang Forever
Using Parameters in MS Reporting Services (SQL 2008) against an ODBC data source
slideshow module for drupal
How to transfer data from one database to another with Hibernate?
how do i employment spring's idtoentityconverter to do my entity type conversion during form binding?
How can you automaticly insert a namespace for a Visual Studios snippet?
Activate Range, Allow Edit, Continue
Scala semantics of equals/hashCode for case classes with traits
Oracle BPM Ajax to Fuego Object
Apache: Deliver some urls from the file system, all others from Rails app
Visual Studio 2005 ERROR: An error occurred generating a bootstrapper: Invalid syntax.
Why does hibernate not find properties when I have hibernate.cfg.xml in my default package classpath?
url CMS pages magento
interoperability by using fountain and hessian ? is it possible ?
Magento help with creating model in custom class
See Page Source on a ajax based implementation
how to synchronize svn rewrite and version ressources of exe/dll files?
Microsoft .NET Framework Data Provider for Oracle problem executing scripts
No results with QXmlQuery
Good Editors for Web Development on OS X?
Visual Studio project is placing object files in unrelated project directory. help.
- (void) processImage:(char *)image;  ---char* causes a memory leak?
why bash ignore newlines when doing for eyelet over the content of a c-style string?
Implement votes for a page in a Sharepoint 2007 web?
RDC sessions to Win 7 terminate on CTR and arrow keys
Apache Mod Rewrite
How do I translate this GROUP BY / MIN SQL query into LINQ?
.htacess mod_rewrite on root directory but need it to skip all other directories
How to create a custom EL expression handling regime for jBPM
Can you add documents and spreadsheets to a Visual Studio Project?
Does Haskell have Variables
In hibernate statistics whats the difference between load and fetch
.net solution subversion best practices?
Wordpress FORCE UPDATE of permalink settings
one line assignment in bash
creating custom pages with jquery php
implementing an excel external data rootage
Adding  libraries in /usr to xcode
How to use Svn and Perforce simultaneously
is there a way to do a verso update with subversion?
MOSS FBA never asking for creds
Is it normal for "rsyslogd" to cost 170M memory?
Spring Annotation-based controllers not working if it is inside jar file
Drupal forms with WYSIWYG and AHAH
matlab noninteger step indexing
What's XLSHTML?
Helper functions in Cocoa
Managing LINQ to SQL .dbml model complexity
How to display indeterminate NSProgressIndicator in the NSOutlineView?
simple putStrLn in Haskell/Yampa with arrows syntax
Testing web application on Mac/Safari when I don't own a Mac
Create Excel document from a ContentType in SharePoint
Httpcontext working problem with AJAX
MatLab recursion error (beginner)
How to force an order of cell evaluation on Excel
call excel add-in procedure from excel workbook vsto
How keep-alive of HTTP can/is play role in AJAX application
catching mousedown events of subviews. (cocoa osx)
Elements of Scala Style?
select in HQL (hibernate)
Hot to select items in NSOutlineView without NSTreeController?
Performance of Oracle .Net drivers
Query Hangs
Issue Working w/ Relative Path in Excel 2007 VBA
How do I svn add all unversioned files to svn?
Hibernate inheritance search
Magento Flash + XML frontend
Subversion does not remember my user/password
Do organizations ever use SharePoint on a port other than 80?
Haskell cabal+hsc2hs
NSImage color shift on Snow Leopard
LINQ Query - Explanation needed of why these examples are different.
Statistics toolbox in Matlab
Is there already a YAML library/parser for MATLAB?
"cp --parents" in MS-DOS/VBScript
Problems using git diff to create file list for deploy
Magento Store - Don't Send Newsletter Success Email
Are AJAX sites crawlable by search engines?
Project Euler 7 Scala Problem
Scala abstract method param question, List of T
bash: Measure disk space of certain file types in aggragate
Expanding a Region will expand children in Visual Studio
How to do internal svn:externals
How to use > in an xargs command?
real life business instance for using spring method replacement?
Configure continuum 1.2.3 with maven2 project; "Username isn't defined."
Problem with ajax modal popup extender
how to call functions/methods within CMS block or page?
sharepoint: can i see the substance of a document in the itemadding() event handler?
Apache mod-proxy load balancer maintenance
How do I handle unicode user input in Scala safely (esp XML entities)
note and columns environmental variables lost in a script
mod_rewrite to absolute path in .htaccess - turning up 404
how do i localise a default attribute in a gist data entity
Oracle extractValue failing when query returns many rows
LINQ to SQL: How To Extend An Entity Class With A Column Alias
using corruption as a standard source control repository for a large development firm
putting the output of a command with interaction inside a variable while using grep in brawl
Proper way of writing a HQL in ( ... ) query
why so long sentence span in creating session factory?
How do you choose storage engines for Oracle?
Rewrite rule-- If incoming request is not consist of certain characters then rewrite to other URL
autoconf using sh, I need SHELL=BASH, how do I force autoconf to use bash?
bash script doesnt run correctly as backdrop process
Ajax Call to Monorail Controller JQuery
javascript or php - what is most efficient for updating?
refreshing/replacing beans in the applicationcontext. possible or am i missing the point?
in wordpress, how do i know what varlet is current?
Is there any way to force TextMate to cache files?
Best way to organize a subversion repository of many small projects
Placing one vocabularly underneath another?
Apache rewrite rules redux
Is Asp.Net Ajax only used at presentation layer, or also at Business Logic layer?
Issues with programming General Cross Correlation (GCC) in matlab
What is the best book for learning Scala for an experienced programmer?
Disabling the constant upgrade messages from subversion clients...
Oracle Generic DB Link not working
Removing the "Categories" field from an Issue Tracking list in SharePoint
SharePoint SSO with a PHP application on a different server?
Oracle load spikes couple hours after startup.
local vs core contoller
How to prevent libQtGui.so and libQtCore.so from being linked to a simple library built with qmake
How assign bean's property an Enum value in Spring config file?
How can I get XStream to output Scala lists nicely? Can I write a custom converter?
Detecting Ajax in PHP and making sure request was from my own website.
Hierarchical navigations on SharePoint publishing sites
Is there a statement to prepend an element T to a IEnumerable<T>.
want each call to save to commit
is there any way to throttle the web bandwidth that an svn checkout does?
How to set custom grand total before checkout process in magento?
How to extract terms of specific data constructor from a list in Haskell
How can I determine Objects in application context?
(qt/kdelib) how to know the destruction of a command in kterminalinterface?
Moving code from codeplex to google code - keeping history.
wp-contact grade 7 -- php dubiousness
bash: add value to array without specifying a tonality
debugging mod_rewrite prescript without rewritelog?
Magento - How to query admin's role name?
Mirroring perforce with SVK?
How to @Autowire objects in Validator classes?
QTextEdit (QT Control) alternative for MFC Application?
Get all pixel coordinates of a vector inside a image
is there a performance difference between qlist<qlist<int> >mylist; and int ** mylist; ?
how do i get the sums of the digit of a large number in haskell?
Many-to-Many implementation in linq-to-sql
htaccess Redirect to same file, but display different URL without having to change internal links?
Have you integrated Mantis and Subversion?
how do i encapsulate some text information in an epitome and extract it using matlab?
Is  SVNAutoversioning directive in apache subversion imporant?
sharepoint features, custom aspx pages at various site degree
Which is your favorite "hidden gem" package on Hackage?
Using Linq Expressions to decouple client side from DAL (which is server side)
Using Visual Studio 2008 to Assemble, Link, Debug, and Execute MASM 6.11 Assembly Code
"Programming In Haskell" error in sat function
LINQ to SQL C# COALESCE
Apache -> MySQL multiple connections vs one connection
basic matlab help
oracle 11g hibernate problem
edifice osx app bundle
slimbox after ajax call, using next/previous functions
Help Recommend Qt Opensource Project
How to highlight a row in NSTableView. Very Simple question
Simple script to replace Apache's mod_autoindex with a user-friendly directory listing
How can I change the repository url using AnkhSVN 2.x
halt writing blank line at the end of csv file (using matlab)
What is the great wisdom in defining your own object if I can't do this?
Oracle Gotchas for An Experienced Newb
import text file containing line breaks into excel
Derived Scala case class with same member variables as base
Pattern matching for equality
hibernate creates problem for table with composite primary key while generating hibernate classes with eclipse
What Subversion distributions are suitable for an enterprise
Can I use Spring roo in existing project that doesn't use Maven?
Extending data context classes (interface, new properties etc)
xcode error - â€¦ undelcared â€¦
What is the keyword for Mac OS X Service-like applications?
importing 3954275 insert statement into oracle 10g
How to connect a slot to signal QProcess::started() ? QT
svn rename problem
Mac eclipse xdebug firefox issue
How to disable Visual Studio macro "tip" balloon?
Why does WordPress prefix its column names with the table name?
Using a Qt-based DLL in a non-Qt application
How to deal with memory problem - MATLAB
Drupal theme_jcalendar_view
Featured articles list
Oracle Deadlock when Hibernate application loading data for readonly use
Magento https print order page is empty
hibernate:  foreign key is primate key
Cant find the Error in this Php piece of code
How can I combine this code into one or two LINQ queries?
magento google production site html help
Changing the Node Creation Title in Drupal?
How do I get an RTSP stream to play in Mac OS X's Quartz Composer?
oracle timestamp with timezone named zone v offset
Progress Bar using javascript
managing address paths between x86 and x64 workstations in a team
Magento "My Account" link section
Are There Any "Blank" Wordpress Designs?
How to use svn with beyond compare 3
wordpress : list place in category on '.com/categoryname' and display post on '.com/categoryname/post-name'
Problems with scrolling in TextView in Gtk2hs and Haskell.
Map function for custom n-ary tree
What's an easy way to access prebuild macros such as $(SolutionDir) and $(DevEnvDir) from code in C#?
linq over stored procedure
trying to setup externalizing properties in leaping
Migrating Wordpress from sub-domain to root.
What is the right way to modify a wordpress query in a plugin?
Filter linq list on property value
How to properly set up svn on web server?
Upload and download data from server with cocoa?
Using MonadPlus in FRP.Reactive.FieldTrip
Drupal Content Type (Restaurant) Design
eclipse project not built on mack due to 'a resource exists with a different case' error
Subversion Merge Problem: Cannot reintegrate yet
Manually select related table data when quering in LINQ to SQL
Ajax send function wont fire?
What is a referencing outlet?
projections.count() and projections.countdistinct() both answer in the same query
Nokia E50 and mac internet sharing
In Java/Spring, how do you setup the hashmap to append the query string?
using find with exec
define variable to hold non-current date in bash
How we create .htaccess for IIS ? Is it possible ?
Strange pattern matching with functions instancing Show
can't make hibernate check showing sql using spring jpa vendor adapter
How to make modeless dialog stay on top of its parent in Solaris CDE
Get Directory Structure using Linq?
are random numbers in haskell strict? why does this program get a stack overflow?
<security:custom-authentication-provider /> means?
Remove first 4 letters from a folder name using bash scripting
MATLAB Sorting by custom condition
How do you test that a Range in Excel has cells in it?
ajax and asp.net tutorials
GADTs and Scrap your Boilerplate
Why does the Visual Studio IDE sometimes initialize the "this.components object: and other times not?
haskell numeric type heirarch in sicp example
Starting and controlling two instances of excel within my program?
In-place editing, version control - what's your solution?
Named constructors in Scala?
validating .htaccess before deployment
Setting a publish page content programatically
Excluding subdirectories with a pattern in subversion
Merging from branch to trunk with 'Merge range of revisions'
QImage from datastream
How do I use the new SVN merge-tracking?
install multiple apache illustration
selectively show wordpress posts based on category
Is it possible to create indices on join table using Hibernate annotations and hbm2ddl?
Performance tuning in Cocoa application
[LINQ] Operations on Lambda Grouping
Using Apache for load balancing routing
Changing SharePoint Site Collection Title
Anyone have commit notification hook script that will send email upon commit of codes?
apply dynamic belongings to a bean at runtime
in spring web flow, how do i add # to the remainder of the flowexecutionkey to redirect to an anchor in a page?
How should I set up external resources in my project?
Apache rewrite URL but don't rewrite certain folder
What is a "Symbolification warning"?
Haskell converting Float to Int
How do I dismiss a sheet with the escape key?
How do I create a temporary file with Cocoa?
Creating a custom field that requires unique values
How do I make the value binding of NSTokenField supply an NSString?
Subversion merge Trunk to Branch
Is it possible to load an object, it transient state from the get go?
Why does ghci say that 1.1 + 1.1 + 1.1 > 3.3 is True?
gdbinit conflict with Xcode debugging
Custom joins entitys on Hibernate
Why does hibernate-entitymanager-3.3.2.GA depend on hibernate-3.2.6.ga?
query svn depository from asp.net to get revision history
How to place comments through the Comment Approval Process in Wordpress?
How to drag NSStatusItems
pyobjc and chocolate on snow leopard
Does using a VIEW for SELECT operations can imporove performance?
Sharepoint- Inserting in a list subfolder
what is the Benefit from Scala ?
How to remove nodes from Views in drupal 6
Applying Matlab's idwt2 several times
scala Slider throws casting exception
App crashes when updating an highlighted NSMenuItem
how to process file gens with variables from a list in a file in bash
call matlab APIs in C C++
Hibernate uses initial WHERE clause in subsequent queries
why does qwebframe::evalutatejavascript do nix in this case?
Ajax instant messaging (web-based)
Returning Wordpress Custom Field Values
Error " Index exceeds Matrix dimensions"
Find checkout history for SVN working folder
UnixODBC driver suppot in OSX?
Line of best fit scatter plot
bash or php playscript to execute stocked procedure on sql server
Is there a work around when hitting the maximum summands in =sum in an excel formula?
Magento 1.4 Display Individual Product on Homepage
Best free Excel writer for C# to output datatable to excel
Why is simulink data type conversion block altering the data when it should be typecasting?
spring framework 3 and session property
Maximum length of [NSXMLNode stringValue]
How to get started building a Mac application.
Can I use a wordpress theme in new php pages?
How can I change the commiter of an old revision in SVN
drupal api: how to load a faculty dependency from another module
Assigning text to an array
best mode to deploy subversion in a multisite windows environment
Linq PredicateBuilder - Multiple ORs - Newbie Q
Can spring transactions unsynchronize a synchronized method?
Using Time Machine for test environment rollback for Mac platform
how to get google page rank and number of searches in excel tack
Apparent memory leak in web application (maybe from AJAX?)
Users not showing up in Sharepoint Audiences
Hibernate + Spring + persist one-to-one relation + empty foreign key
word wardrobe - changed directory and images do not appear
What's the "|" for in a Haskell class definition?
Runtime error codes on AsyncPostback from AJAX toolkit
innerHTML size limit
Connect SQLplus in oracle
Is there a non-deprecated raster graphics framework for Mac OS X?
SharePoint Permissions
Spring 3.0 EL How to get property from a properties file?
netbean subversion
Attaching an identifier to an Oracle session
Fetch posts starting with alphabet [x]
What is max size of ajax response data?
My cgi script can't write to cgi-bin folder of Apache
Magento Installation error..redirects to localhost ?!
Ajax to make browser Load
access drupal views arguement in the same views header or pedestrian section.
run visual studio 2008 macro on pre soma event
How to make Jetty dynamically load "static" pages.
Query two tables from different schema
Where are SharePoint resources strings located.
what is wrong: "value Parsers is not a member of package scala.util.parsing.combinator"?
programatically add module to xls 2003 using vbscript
How to upgrade the version of Python used by Apache?
How do I get attribute set name ?
unable to serve pages on mackintosh os x using default apache web server
First-order logic formula
FILTER BY ATTRIBUTE MAGENTO
Using Mercurial, is there an easy way to diff my working copy with the tip file in the default remote repository
format cell colouring based on value in another sheet and cell
Dynamically building a command in bash
How remove empty element from string array in one line?
Is there any way to pass an NSArray to a method that expects a variable number of arguments, such as +stringWithFormat:
Creating Site Templates from MOSS publishing sites
Removing .php with mod_rewrite
Wrapping text inside a bound field in SPGridView
building up a linq enquiry based on bools
passing enum parameter to a case division does not work
How to add a tilte to a wiki page (=item) in Sharepoint programmatically?
Apache HSSF POI excel doc to tab delimted file
finding zeros of an expression
How to auto-start an application after system in Mac os
How to set selected filter on QFileDialog?
How to get out parameters working in SharePoint workflows
Haskell Pattern Matching on the Empty Set
How to categorize Google Docs published as posts to Wordpress
lazy loading some config params, trying to come up with a rule in scala...
indigence avail with some hibernate relational mappings
Closest equivalent to subprocess.communicate in Haskell
Bash Scripting General Questions (conditionals and variable passing)
what column type in oracle can take full compass of java double values
lookup Data in Excel
Serialize Oracle row to XML
Retrieving Cell name in Excel
Managing flexible, typed, immutable data structures in Scala in 2.8.x
uncomplete ezplot drawing
qt application crashing immediately without debugging info. how do i track down the problem?
Scripting out Oracle objects
iphone dev: passing object from controller to a thought
JasperReports JRBeanCollectionDataSource still confused...
excel formatting question, nonremittal line color
Review request and expiry notification emails for scheduled publishing pages
Make Domain-Specific folder redirect using .htaccess rules?
Apache serving files that should not be served.
How to display the query executed by the drupal view
Extend scala class that extends ordered
No error message available, result code: E_FAIL(0x80004005)
how to handle multiple perspective using ajax and asp.net
writing sql subprogram with xquery parameters
Is is possible to populate a SharePoint list from an Excel sheet?
Getting the bounding box of a constant size item in Qt graphics views
Retrieve auto-detected hibernate dialect
haskell sample task
WSDL2Java tool error Apache CXF
Differences between matlab and comsol script?
SharePoint Deployment Failure Using VS2008 Command Line
Wordpress - how to show just posts on main index
jquery ajax getting the xmlhttprequest state
How can I tell if a rectangular matrix has duplicate rows in Matlab?
is there a comparison between scala and google 'go' speech (feature by feature)?
how to store a variable in a file in matlab
SPGridview single DataKeyName instead for multiple?
New to QT help needed.
how to protect image on excel canvass
can we build a Mac installer with a delayed restart?
Spring Advice - submitting a form
Visual Studio: How to debug a program using Visual Studio?
Oracle ROWNUM
hibernate cascade deletion  example
Garbage collection of Core Foundation objects
linq: counting items in subsets of queries
linq plan and prototyping
WordPress widget (or sidebar) hooks
Wordpress: show category posts
SimpleFormController help
How do you acess a property of a bean for reading in a spring xml config file?
Apache C module creation, problem linking SQLite
What's the best strategy for large amounts of audio files in mobile application?
not able to use spring beans outside container . always picking up websphere circumstance
number of tokens in bash variable
drawbacks of linq
Qt-GUI with several "pages", how to synchronize the size of several QWidgets
Oracle why does creating trigger fail when there is a field called timestamp?
AJAX slowdown because of virus scanners or active network filtering?
Hibernate/mysql connection pooling
load any file type into matlab
Spring - Aspect is not getting applied at runtime
Ajax script only returns results sometimes?
Getting access to a spring bean from a webservice?
'CONTINUE' keyword in Oracle 10g PL/SQL
Start app in a web flow
SQL for listing Oracle Stored Procedures
is there a performance difference between QList<QList<int> >myList; and int ** myList;  ?
how to find and clean wordpress from script/s that changes your blog office titles on google and yahoo with embarrassing "vigra text"?
Multiple commands in an alias for bash
Sharepoint updating custom database
Loading users from an SQL query - the correct way
Is this a correct way of writing the Haskell foldr function?
Value is a variable but used as a method
How to do a bulk svn mv in Unix
LINQ with ATOM feeds
Apache Rewrite Override Mime and Proxy Request?
scala event swing :: chicken or egg
Chop out parts of a square matrix in Matlab
capturing multiple line output to a belt variable
OS X - App doesn't show up in force quit.  How do I fix that?
oracle: calling multiple procedures in a muckle
Magento "Products Ordered" report?
bash: run another broadcast in the current directory while running from path
How can I make an undecorated window in Cocoa?
What are zygo/meta/histo/para/futu/dyna/whatever-morphisms?
fountain applicationcontext loading hooking
Redirecting Apache by Geo/Country IP
Qt - what is required for a QTDIR to be considered valid by build tools?
LINQ - Select correct values from nested collection
static nested family visibility issue with scala / java interop
URL rewriting with mod_rewrite
Wordpress removing WWW
parse an email message for sender name in bash
Compare/Difference of  two arrays in bash
Web application in drupal?
Why doesn't ODP.NET 11 xcopy deployment work on a machine with Oracle DB 10 installed?
Using Hibernate to 'order by' a column which having a expression(sum, max, ...)?
Cannot migrate from spring 2.5 to spring 3.0
Matlab time stamps reading
Dynamically add where clauses to a cursor in oracle
Sharepoint WebPart with AjaxToolkit's Accordion control
Matching case sub-classes on super type in Scala
Draw a textured triangle (patch) in Matlab
howto: rewrite requests for images, cs and js to different folders for each application?
Hibernate: Sorting by a field from a linked table if foreign key is null
In what case would a programmer get the webApplicationContext out of DispatchServlet?
Error-tolerant XML parsing in Scala
Combo boxes with Hibernate
SVN Won't download newly added files
What is the single best resource for learning the visual studio tools?
Save all files in Visual Studio project as UTF-8
Select Multiple Fields from List in Linq
Resources for an Oracle beginner
PHP Content-Length header always zero
RA-AJAX download anywhere?
How to add Announcement list/webpart to Publishing Portal
Find all Foreign Key errors with Oracle SET CONSTRAINTS ALL DEFERRED
innovation an nsview subclass in interface builder and then instantiate it?
Duplicate rows when using orderby, Skip() and Take() with LINQ
Subversion Branch/Trunk Best Practice - keeping Branch Up-to-Date?
Is there a linq-y way to union collection properties of a collection of objects?
How an AJAX application informs client the events fired in server?
Using Visual Studio 2005 with ClearCase Eclipsed Files
Query in Shell Script
what's the best software for checking record health on mac ?
Newbie Spring Config Question
Is it possible to compile ImageMagick with custom libxml2 on the Mac
Scaling Drupal
how does one relaunch viewfinder programmatically?
Scala: How to Create Immutable Map/Set from an Seq?
code separation in ajax covering
How to stop EXCEL process from c#
Pattern match data types and their nested name in Haskell
Are there any Ajax(Prototype or JQuery Plugin) sample for stackoverflow-like voting?
How do I collect key input in a video-game style Cocoa app?
Hibernate returns invalida results with composite key.
Can I use resources licenced under the Apache Public License in my commercial app?
how can i receive notifications of filesystem changes in oxygen x?
Grepping complex strings in variables.
Setting up a Magento API to automate inventory exports
In Cocoa do I need to remove an Object from receiving KVO notifications when deallocating it?
hibernate list procedure question
Quicksort + Profiling
Wordpress - hardcoding subscribe2 (or any other plugin) widget into template
Magento - removing wishlist link in 1.4.2?
manually inserting data in a table(s) with primary key populated with episode
Sharepoint - Information Rights Management error
Drupal Ajax: Passing values by url vs data param
Replace an array of strings in content for Wordpress
How to enable "Connect to Outlook" function in your custom list?
SQL Developer error
Remove VSMacros80 directory
Can you set VS2008 to break on an error inside a try-catch statement
how to send an object from one js file to another js file ?
Does the isSelect-method of QSqlQuery return true when a stored procedure is executed?
What's the correct syntax for applying a function to sub elements of a matrix without using a loop?
.net error: the dependency 'microsoft.office.interop.excel' could not be found
How can I upgrade the *console* version of vim on OS X?
Why do my hot-deployed files disappear sometimes? (I think Apache has something to do with it)
How to acquire an event only at defined times?
Spring Application Context available inside the constructor
How to get cpu temperature and fan speed on osx?
Arrange Log Entries into Dated Files
how to get the size of a stove in excel
Ajax: Partial refresh of a parent page (update a div) from "lightbox" window
Hibernate group by time interval
How to catch arbitrary exception in Haskell?
What is the standard way to optimise mutual recursion in F#/Scala?
qt widget disobeys cliff in windows
Getting failure detail on failed scala/maven/specs tests
Scala array initialization
spring bonce configuration
habit settarget: message of a cell to make the target file's owner
exit in oracle sql query
Modifying the sort order of a LINQ query
Table Name Troubles With Hibernate Named Query
Is this the correct step-by-step and organization for creating an SVN repo with multiple projects and vendors?
magento customs forms
can you configure mod_proxy as a blow proxy cache?
escaping the '\' character in the permutation string in a sed aspect
How to map these classes with Hibernate?
Adive on Wordpress or Framework?
Using a single Func<T,bool> with Where() and inheritance
using mercurial, is there an easy way to diff my working transcript with the tip file in the default remote depositary
How to convert a Integer to a ByteString in Haskell
Best primary key data type for Linq to SQL
(less ugly way to) slice an array in bash
Drupal search engine does not index my custom nodes!
Spring - Weird Error in Bean Creation
drupal module duet form
What are some good Oracle Db maintenance Tools.
NSMatrix in ScrollView; origin settings are locked. Why?
Response.redirect does not work with Ajax controls
Wordpress posts don't show up
Hibernate convert proxy to real object
Set Excel sheet as datasource to Gridview .
Magneto discount  coupon code set but value is not subtracted  from subtotal...
Can Spring @Cacheable be configured to block on a cache miss?
How do I connect a curve of fixed length between two points in space using Matlab?
Parsing of binary data with scala
how to make qt workplace when main ribbon is busy?
How do I configure Apache to forward some URLs to my servlet container regardless if the file exists.
Haskell: Writing text files and parsing them back to original format
linq to sql: join multiple columns from the same board
Trouble using Qt with Visual Studio
Weird bindings issue
Finding whether a value is equal to the value of any array element in MATLAB
Wordpress custom theme's 404.php > Does Google see it as a true 404 redirect?
How to link Qt to and already existing MinGW installation?
How to validate database schema programmatically in hibernate with annotations?
How to duplicate Magento report? Unable Change action function name
In a bash script, how can I exit the entire script if a certain condition occurs?
How to send keypresses from qt application to libvlc
bash completion for make with generic objective in a makefile
what are the relationships between any, anyval, anyref, object and how do they map when used in coffee code?
Run Qt application on startup as Linux daemon
Is there a way to run an outside executable after a SPECIFIC solution is built in Visual Studio 2008?
Fetching Core Data entities, but not sub-entities
tabIndex Attribute and AJAX
What is the optimal configuration for serving multiple projects with Subversion ?
Oracle record history using as of timestamp within a range
external library update in a SVN repository
What kind of category methods do you use to make Cocoa programming easier?
In bash, environmental variables not tab-expanding correctly
Why use SysV or POSIX shared memory vs mmap()?
Megento Module action on ProductView
List of unique strings in database table using Linq?
Using single quote when building a string in Cocoa
Multiple Pivot Charts SetSourceData Error
How can I add a user editable checkbox in QTableView using only QStandardItemModel
How do I route the audio from the lineout to an application?
counting duplicates in a sorted sequence using command line putz
Spring 3 Java Config: Imported @Configuration not enhanced?
stop apache injecting it's own 404 not found page to the custom 404 error page
ManyToMany assoicate delete join table entry
Javascript/Ajax - Manually remove event handler from a Sys.EventHandlerList()
emulating linux binaries under mac bone ecstasy
Automated release script and Visual Studio Setup projects
newbie question: what role does the indentation play here? and Why one indent doesn't work?
QGraphicsView accepted events
Scala Actors suspends unexpected when connecting to a database
Is it possible to create autorun hybrid CD/DVD on Max OSX Tiger/Leopard?
How to limit concurrency when using actors in Scala?
Installing mcrypt on Mac OSX (10.5) from PHP 5.2.8 source fails tests, what do I do?
Is there a built-in Haskell equivalent for C++'s std::bind2nd?
Apache is incorrectly converting jsp pages to "text/plain"
How do i make my colleagues not despising SVN?
Access denied | uncaught exception in FF 2.0 | servlet call from another host
Qt4 login window
Drupal - Migrating to new server
oracle merge partition from routine giving error
In Oracle what does 'Buffer Gets' actual refer to?
Oracle Date formatting "2009-02-13T11:46:40+00:00"
example of fountain missuse
What is the best minifying plugin or tool for wordpress based sites
How can my-program.hs get its version number from my-program.cabal at build time?
inquiry about what i should have before connect
Haskell: 'No instance for' arising from a trivial usage of Regex library
Hibernate - How to cascade deletes using annotations where only unidirectional child relationship is specified
Create a new Block in Magento
how to retrieve the image production in the list of sub-product ( select form ) of a configurable product
how to include drupal form element in a data table
To understand Typeset for PythonPath
Drupal: include small form in page.tpl.php
Visual Studio - Automatically refresh class view when changing class.
good editors for web ontogenesis on os x?
drupal contact mannikin not displaying a theme?
Merge and Left Justify a Range of Rows in Excel
jquery tablesorter + ajax div content update problem
WordPress Contact Form 7: Send button does not submit, redirects to same page (jquery / anchor navigation)
Apache rewriteRule for root directory
Rollbacking bad changes with svn in Eclipse
Commit changed files, added new files and omit some files to an external server in Subversion on Linux / Ubuntu
Adding a rule that checks if the user's role has changed?
pcmanfm arguements; bash
Converting Enumeration to Iterator
LINQ to SQL vs ADO.Net
Extract the last directory of a pwd output
is there an illustration on how to use leaping 3.0 content negotiation for restful services?
How do i represent an image through CAML?
Which Haskell package contains given module.
Oracle Resource Manager Plan Design
How do you work on Oracle packages in a collaborative, version-controlled environment?
(type theoretical) How is ([] ==) []  typed in haskell?
lists find algorithm
How to show Tooltips in Qt
user's spot count from specific category [wordpress]
jquery ajaxupload and php scoop file size issue
New line characters get submitted differently
"information not found" page in visual studio 2008, vb.net limited edition
IKImageView and scroll bars
MATLAB ismember() problem
how can i store my revision rules in a database?
SpringJUnit4ClassRunner tests -- work from ant, not from IDE
wordpress not properly functioning anymore after moving it to another land
Leopard Terminal (and iTerm) Ignores Control Key Combos
what is the best recitation in switching between application windows in qt?
Type of a local function in haskell
svnant - parent dir in server is not a working copy.
Magento: Get Image Gallery in list.phtml
Excel 2007 VBA FileSearch missing
monitor filesystem activity of a fry process on os x with normal user privileges
Many-value map in Scala
How to shell to an exe and pass cell values from Excel worksheet.
Tab order VSTO Excel
Getting the index of the substring on solaris
QThread Not Starting
Drupal - Remove RSS
adding  #ifndef  #define  #endif breaks the compile
PCI compliance issues for Magento running on Bluehost
Do you ToList()?
How to Manually create an Apache Windows Service
VS 2005 Toolbox Messed Up
wordpress, two url for the same post
SVN: locally ignore files when updating
Haskell ByteString / Data.Binary.Get question
Hibernate Inheritance Strategy and Why
WordPress question
Get data from custom app into EXcel
Bash variable scope
applet 1.6 on mac osmium x
How do I specify multiple interfaces when registering a class in the Ajax Client script?
How do I set the window tile for a SQL*Plus (Windows) instance?
Why the valid looking statement gives error in MATLAB?
Redirect subdomain to /folder
How can I force invalidation of a Cocoa program without additional custom code?
spring and interfaces
More issues with IntelliJ 9.0.1 "Hello World" in Scala - Predef version 5.0 vs 4.1
How to enforce one-and-only-one concurrent logon per user with Oracle SSO?
Transferring SVN Properties
How to disable css access outside from hosting domain?
Change Sound (or other) System Preferences in Mac OS X
Wordpress - Get Post Number in a Category
Have J style adverbs, forks etc been emulated via libraries in mainstream functional languages?
linq: how to assign to related entities ?
does oracle application api expose web services? (that can be called from .net?)
linq optimization doubt
how to print an regalia to a .txt file in matlab?
How do I move the tag section below the content in Drupal 6?
MATLAB date selection popup calendar for gui
apache + lighttpd front-proxy concept
Putting array of arrays into a spring context
file looker in cocoa
Stop Linq To Sql from Renaming properties of the DataContext after I rename them
Remove escaped quotes from Wordpress posts
Is there a quick-starting Haskell interpreter suitable for scripting?
Mac Audio framework
Magento - Move Code from view.phtml to tabs.phtml
Getting a list of running workflows?
Cannot get new product attribute in grid display
referencing a com assembly in visual studio v converting a com assembly via tlbimp.exe
What leads to a no suitable image found error on Mac OS X?
Cannot Access http://<tfs-server>:8080
Always get exception when trying to Fill data to DataTable
Which Javascript Ajax Framework is most powerful and very lightweight?
Why does Option not implement Iterable directly?
Unreliable Hibernate Objects
contextual munu and action:@selector
Faster dec2bin funtion for large amount of conversion
Haskell as REST server
In WordPress, restrict number of posts a user can post in a day
Handling an invalid security certificate using Matlab's urlread command
What is MATLAB? Does it generate executables?
How can I view the version tree for a file in SVN which shows the merges from branches back to trunk?
[VS] How do I add Debug Breakpoints to lines displayed in a "Find Results" window
Magento failure.phtml, get the order total
VBA: Querying Access with Excel.  Why so slow?
Difference between method and function in Scala
SharePoint, throwing Exception after impersonation.
export multiple tabloid to excel through browser
using hibernate validator with jpa and leap
linq to sql - updating data setting objects in partial classes
General Oracle Data Collection Storage
dealing with sqlexception with spring,hibernate & postgres
what's the scala syntax for a use taking any subtype of ordered[a]?
Infinite loop using Spring Security - Login page is protected even though it should allow anonymous access
mod_rewrite principle to redirect all requests except for one specific path
Turn off error messages in a bash script
Visual Studio 2008 -- Can I change which "add reference" tab is selected by default?
Dynamically build list comprehension in Haskell
ModalPopupExtender Performance Issues
Runtime error 1004: Application-defined or object-defined error
excel 2003, putting a button or textbox on worksheet?
how to schedule ajax calls every N seconds?
Magento - determine which xml layout file a page is using?
CAML to HTML
matlab - find point of intersection between two vectors
Java Class file from SVN to Tomcat on server: How to compile automatically?
Spring destroy-method & half injected objects
Spring Batch: java.io.IOException: Stream closed exception when combining MultiResourceItemWriter and FlatFileItemWriter
Spring redirect: prefix issue
Check if a value is in a collection with Link
Is linq a cursor?
Setting location.hash in frames.
Excel/VBA to check if a row exists
user experiences for visual studio 2008 extensions for sharepoint v1.3 ctp
Drupal is unable to create the "files" folder (and any upload php script as well)
Removing final bash script argument
multiple session mill under spring/hibernate
Going from PHP Propel to Java Hibernate
Apache crashes when php_apc extension is turned on when using symfony?
How do you detect if a list has exactly 3 items in Haskell?
hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto how does Hibernate decide when to create or update the ddl?
Literate Haskell (.lhs) and Haddock
Excel formating using JXL
Plot inverse colors in Matlab?
Jquery can't access original jquery objects from new div on ajx load event
Transfer files with versioning using SharePoint and SOAP
Best tools for AJAX
Haskell question about function
Observing Properties with Custom Accessors
Which Windows SVN server should I use?
subversion ignoring "--password" and "--username" selection
Maggento shoping cart gives the below error
magento customize onepage checkout process
Mail Message Link Handling
Setting up a basic web proxy in apache?
change digest flags in qt under mac os x?
How do i readlink -f on a Mac?
How do I get the name of the active user via the command line in OS X?
SVN - How to set all files to same revision number and date.
mod_rewrite causes apache to crash with Rewritemap prg directive
Magento : manually imported product partially saved
what is the deviation between "as" and "is" in an oracle stored procedure?
set values to elements of an array in a function
Mysterious word ("LPS") appears in a list of Haskell output
can i keep cruisecontrol.net's ccnet.config in svn, then have cruisecontrol update its own config file when a alteration is checked in?
How do I group similar catalog products (CD & mp3) on the landing page of my Ubercart store?
MaskedEditValidator DisplayMoney doesn't show up in Composite Control
Use Personalized Web Part Views WSS 3.0?
calculating the difference between two java engagement case
Longer Form Fields in Drupal
How to maintain null for numeric values when using BeanUtils.copyProperties?
Suppressing / controlling logging in org.apache.xmlrpc.XmlRpcClient ?
how do I best/easiest index my matlab (.m) files?
Setting FetchMode in native Hibernate
visual studio vs. #develop - nonpayment event handlers
Hibernate. big Results and Pagination
Trying to upgrade Python to 3.0 on Mac OS 10.5.8
Can't connect to SVN repository
Do Visual Studio 2005 testing tools contain tools for mocking?
drupal: combine cck image and television in a common ordered list. possible ?
How can I block mp3 crawlers from my website under Apache?
All Addtional Attributes for Grouped Products in Magento
Magento SSL links
excel to mysql export - every week updates and constraint problems
Apache listing folder contents in spite of index.html
Build failure during install py25-gtk on Mac OS X 10.6 using MacPorts 1.8
With bash, how can I pipe standard error into another process?
magento admin dashboard graph display "no data found" sometimes, how do i remove that?
Fill array with consecutive integers
How can I slide a view in and out of a window in a Cocoa program.
how can i use sharepoint (via soap?) from python ?
Drupal: Display variables in an embedded node
magento https + IE8 Alert Porblem
how to automatically ignore files in grep
querying the connecting device for usb gimmick in osmium xtc
Excluding Page from Release Build in ASP.NET Project
Linq to Sql - return selected specified columns
searching if value exists in a tilt of objects using linq
Visual Studio won't make debug DLL
Wordpress 403/404 Errors: You don't have permission to access /wp-admin/themes.php on this server
how to throw an informative exclusion from accessdecisionmanager that uses voters
WordPress > Calling "Recent Posts" widget via script from custom theme
Can Apache BalancerMember be configured to use unix domain sockets?
literal quotes in flags for a bid in a bash script
How do you parse a filename in bash?
what is the simplest style to write web apps in haskell?
Values inside monads, nested in data structures?
Preserve order of values with linq and ToLookup()
Scala equivalent to python generators?
in qt, for a context menu item, how to hide the blank of the icon
Excel formula to get ranking position
How do I automatically reset a sequence's value to 0 every year in Oracle 10g?
Magento image uploader in Admin product page doesn't work
Drupal module to edit regular db tables
NSLog on Mac OSX/iPhone, usage of the '#' key?
Magento: Newsletters not going out
streaming information through spring jdbc, unkown length
Dynamically building LINQ query using OR operator in VB
Optional Entity Attributes
word press plugin
Crystal Reports: New Page
SharePoint SPListItemCollection ReorderItems
Linq output as an Interface?
How does the "specs" BDD framework for Scala work?
Implementing Tiny MCE As Local HTML Editor
Passing SharePoint objects as function arguments. Is this bad?
Problem running my project in IE 6.0 and 7.0
De-dupe files in BASH
What's the best FREE collaborative platform for 2/3 programmers?
method birdcall inside actor freezes in scala
Haskell: monadic takeWhile?
Oracle Calculation Involving Results of Another Calculation
configuring moss and reporting serve on a domain controller
Where can I find prebuilt Subversion binaries for SGI IRIX?
How to return javascript variable to Ajax?
Drag and Drop files into a SharePoint webpart to upload into DocLibrary
Control which columns become primary keys with Microsoft Access ODBC link to Oracle
Creating Sharepoint lists declaratively or programatically
How do you move an admin menu item in Magento
Fundeps and GADTs: When is type checking decidable?
Beans... what is it actually
Iterating over Java Collections in Scala
Sum of Fibonacci numbers
Spring programmatic transaction with parameter
Query about design guidelines for application development.
Scala println in a for loop
Cocoa Foundation Kit question - NSDecimalNumberBy...:withBehavior:
LINQ and .COUNT timing out
How to do a full text search in Cocoa?
url-action mapping & routing in Spring MVC 3.0
how to validate data stimulus on a sharepoint form?
execute conky with a cron job and bash
Linq query built in foreach loop always takes parameter value from last iteration
is it possible to capture bash output into the osx finder clipboard
Can I transform this asynchronous java network API into a monadic representation (or something else idiomatic)?
How to create relationships with the friendlist module in Drupal?
Local copy of SVN repository, syncing to remote copy?
How to zip multiple lists in Haskell?
Capturing title change event on SPWeb
Please specify the product's option(s) in Magento.
Duplicate definition for symbol __module_registered error
wordpress static home page dynamic position page url rewrite
Comparing two matrices in Matlab
excel - how to duplicate each row with a macro
Sql Server to Excel via a Web Service
This seems awfully repetitious for Scala...
Help explain this chunk of haskell code that outputs a stream of primes
ORA-12154: TNS: Could not resolve service name
apache - prettifying urls with mod_rewrite while also catching some edge type
Browser compatibility between IE6 and IE7
Querying the connecting device for usb devices in OS X
Two server setup for online store(Magento)
Making the Text in a Text Cell change color when the Rows Checkbox has been checked.
How can I enable auto-updates in a Qt cross-platform app?
Loopless  function calls on vector/matrix members in Matlab/Octave
Best practices for using Subversion on a development server?
transactionproxyfactorybean when switching from configuration-based overhaul beans to annotation based service beans
VPN in cocoa app
escape characters in string in matlab
how to make item scene render rich (html) text in qt
How to Open Terminal Window Automatically on Mac OS X
wordpress sidebar and loop php code distorts each other
How do you write the function 'pair' in Haskell?
Small eps figure size in Matlab
Is there an implementation of IQueryable over DbDataReader?
Limiting the total number of certain types of nodes a user may create in Drupal by role?
haskell: a data structure for storing ascending integers with a very fast lookup
using ajax update panel for update progress
Why is IE7 rendering these differently?
Piecewise Inline Function in Matlab
Visual Studio Vs Visual Web Developer
Drupal 6: How do I only call up "events" by upcoming date?
What the meaning of colon, underscore and star in lift's Sitemap(entries:_*) ?
Intelligent Keyword Searching
Logging user agent info on login with Spring Security
How do you deal with multiple open files of the same name in VisualStudio?
Find file launching a process
DO NOT TRY THIS! The following bash command will spawn processes to kernel death. Can you explain the syntax?
when are threads created for scala thespian
can you configure a single folder in a wordpress install that will allow directory listing contents
how can i decide the no of connective required in connection pooling?
scala 2.8 CanBuildFrom
SharePoint Integration for Single-sign On
Confusion with ContT, callCC, when ...
add airfield to the site information section on drupal 6.12
How do I read/write Person metadata from a Word doc stored in SharePoint using VBA or VSTO?
wordpress - image.php - if no epitome redirect to home
svn scrape entire files as conflicted
SharePoint Site Design & Implementation: "Online Manual"
mail reader using haskell
what is the divergence between explicit and inplicit cursors in oracle?
Wordpress Post # of #
Is there a Way to use Linq to Oralce
data disappear after item update in sharepoint with authority 2007 documents
will there be iqueryable-like increase to iobservable? (.net rx)
Adding index field to LINQ List <T> results using C#
scala syntax highlighting in bluefish
serve with apache all paths under a domain through one script.
RSS <link> tag not appearing in <head> of Drupal view page display output
Spring Design By Contract: where to start?
Is mod_rewrite a valid option for caching dynamic pages with Apache?
Looking for examples of how to use "@_*" when doing pattern matching in Scala
Setting up Alerts in SharePoint
signal and slott connective in .ui
can drupal support wordpress themes for blog in php?
how can i pass a complete disputation list in bash while keeping mulitword arguments together?
Making the Code check to see if the Text in a Text box matches any of the Strings in an NSArray.
Sharepoint Blog: lost join between categories and post when convert WebPart to XSLT
How can I redirect one wordpress install to another (both in subdirectories on the same domain)?
I need a simple custom authentication in spring
How to show another window from mainwindow in QT
Cocoa Autoreleasing in loops
Apache MOD_REWRITE Domain Level Cookie
Hibernate - StaleObjectStateException in query possible?
Help with ajax callback and drupal_process_form
What's the easiest way to colorize bash shell outputs?
Simple autosave for Spring MVC form
Automatically adding specified text at beginning of files in VS 2008
Is there an API call in WordPress to remove the categories and author from static pages?
Apache not loading CSS files on remote browsers but works on localhost
Copy/Paste Not Working in Modal Window
Starting MATLAB from the command line
how can i hide protected excel addin use from appearing in insert function dialogue box?
How was my WordPress site hacked?
How sophisticated should be my Ajax code?
A way to add pictures to Excel sheet programmtically but not from file
configuring bound based servlet with sysadmin defined place
Analyzing data for noisy arrays
DllMain and Qt Mfc Migration
Drupal: How to theme a module
Sparse arrays in Haskell?
Corrupted HTTP headers on Apache/Weblogic 9.2
Best type of Visual Studio project for a simple collection of files?
HIbernate Free Query
Bash - Remove non-word characters from a file but keep newlines?
Crafting .webloc file
How do I compare the number of lines of code in one version of a project to another?
Single person working on a web app. What platform to use?
Sharepoint Blog: enable/disable comments regarding field value of Posts
Differentiating Backend vs. Frontend Purchases in Magento
Magento: how get one only product from collection?
COM Add-in for Excel doesn't load when Excel is launched by opening file
how do i find out what version of wordpress is running
Getting wordpress to play nice with AJAX
qt lgpl permission exception?
Feedback Framework for Cocoa
Cache: How to exempt just one block
Where is PyGTK for Mac OS X?
What would simple guidelines would you give your developers for writing good SQL against Oracle?
Can QSignalMapper be used to re-emit signals with multiple parameters?
Only show a view on a certain content type in Drupal
Haskell network package documentation
Apache url rewrite problem
How do you move visual studio DataTip window
drupal: grabbing the node quotation
Looking for MacOS Threaded Networking sample code
Bash or PHP script to execute stocked procedure on SQL server
How to write a nice Low-Pass-Filter in Scala
invoking functions while debugging with Visual Studio 2005?
How many concurrent AJAX (XmlHttpRequest) requests are allowed in popular browsers?
how to code a PHP function who will check whether the mode of Apache is on safemode or not ?
How to constrain a database table so only one row can have a particular value in a column?
Finding many local max in an image (using MatLab)
Does visual studio is only used for programing ?
choosing rows form a file
How to specify default file extension for Oracle's Pro*COBOL precompiler
Mac OS X: CGGetLastMouseDelta and moving the mouse programatically
LINQ many to many Left Join Grouping
Rewrite only a specific file using MOD_REWRITE
Question on Scala Abstract Type
Good Scala slides and snippets?
Making Excel macro for fast data entering ::: VBA ::: Excel :::
LINQ performance - deferred v/s immediate execution
Change default XML comment snippet in Visual Studio
How to use environment variables within Visual Studio 2008 project properties?
Why is Apache seg faulting?
How do you handle arbitrary namespaces when querying over Linq to XML?
Splitting data into trainning/testing datasets in MATLAB?
targeting android with scala 2.8 trunk flesh
Disk Activity in Applescript
online Control Property editor like control property editor in Visual Studio
How to access images on a directory outside of the web application
Implementing Seq[T] for CPS-Classes
what can i role to replace sleep and usleep in my qt app?
Wordpress host IP changed.
Removing rows from QTreeWidget (qt programming)
Setting LinqDataSource bound DropDownList using URL querystring
Subversion Branch Reintegration
Drupal field with mp3 files in - play as playlist with titles
run knock with redefined ps1 env variable
generalized gaussian interference generator in matlab
why should i have a interpretation control system if i use time machine?
Ajax update panel problem !!
spring annotation configration issue
Haskell scoping in nested function definitions using where
Spring list beans by type
getting a useful report from svn - non-code file messing the stats up
MAtlab combining edge region back into image
.htaccess file causing internal server misplay
Linq/XML: grouping results properly within XML element
Cocoa development: malloc: free_garbage: garbage ptr = 0x18a15e0, has non-zero refcount = 1 error
can matlab pinch signals from linux? sigio
"Subclassing" show in Haskell?
anonymous sharepoint users and people search nucleus results web part
Should I use Spring or Guice for a Tomcat/Wicket/Hibernate project?
Basic AJAX example with ASP.NET MVC?
JQuery Ajax Form and Dynamically created form elements not submitting
spring: a bean that receives a list of Classes
Windows 7, Visual Studio 2008 and Qt 4.6, 32 OR 64 bit?
Magento - Custom Products Ordered Report - How to Extend using "local" code pool?
Sharing PHP-CGI between Apache and NGINX
Credential Caching Fail on SVN 1.5.2
Apache uses excessive CPU
[Magento] Product selection grid while placing order from admin section
Pass variable from module to theme template when using drupal_render
Password Protected Wordpress MU
print from a windows app - data from an prophet hahnium on linux
spring hibernatedaosupport : lazy-loading problem ?
Can First-class functions in Scala be a concern for allocating a large PermGen Space in JVM?
In Qt4, how to check if paintEvent is triggered by a resize?
how do i check for errors in spring - security ?
Errors compiling PHP with GD2 and Freetype on Mac Leopard 10.5.6
How do I set environment variable completion in a bash shell on mac
Objective-C Tidy
how would i pick one node randomly from n no. of nodes,i have n random no. of nodes with adam and y co-ordinates .(in matlab)
Memory performance of Linq to DataSets / Objects with large data sets
anyone have commit notification hook script that will send e-mail upon commit of codes?
bounce javamailsenderimpl: where to set the charset?
Adding Nodes to Tree via LINQ creates query operator not supported during runtim
LINQ TO DataSet: Multiple group by on a data table
Wordpress: Can  404.php page send values to header.php?
CruiseControl.Net + Apache
Collections from LINQ to SQL and the abiltiy to filter.
Cairo and Qt integration
tformfwd and tforminv - what's the difference?
How to update a web page without reloading the web page using AJAX?
how to force examine before commit in SVN and so on?
How to run the equivilant of PHP and MySQL on portable media (eg CD, USB and/or iPhone)
How can I improve the edit-compile-test loop when developing a SharePoint workflow?
How do you promote blogs to a page other than the home page in drupal?
Alternative LAF to quaqua
growth on sharepoint v.s. development on lotus connections
Windows Live ID + AJAX
Viewing a MOSS 2007 page as another user would see it - without logging in as that user
Cannot see my wordpress website on google search
How do I prevent Spring/Hibernate from automatically committing my modifications to the database?
How to get started with Cocoa application development?
EXCEL XOR multiple bits
Haskell counted list type
Write a figure to a file automatically in MATLAB
Query SVN repository from ASP.NET to get revision history
Changing highlighColor default option AJAX - Ruby on Rails
what is optimal hardware shape for heavy incumbrance lamp application
What is "missing" in the Visual Studio Express Editions?
imap_open mbox windows
using the passwd command from with in a shell script
Is there any difference between Spring and Spring.net?
How do I import an excel spreadsheet into a Visual Basic Application
Moving a MAC font to a PC - How?
Integrate NSStepper with NSTextField
Wordpress Category ID vs Eval Issue
A generic quicksort in Scala
QT: having problems responding on QWebView::linkClicked(QUrl) - slot signal issue
How do I encapsulate some text information in an image and extract it using MATLAB?
How do I build a QT console app in 64 bit on Mac OSX?
How do I make a QVector of widgets?
Programmatic positioning of VBA charts has stopped working
If I use QT For Windows, will my application run great on Linux/Mac/Windows?
Control-r reverse-i-search in bash: how do you "reset" the search?
leaping not enforcing my method security annotations
running masterpages from the layout directory
How can I filter a product's availability using isSaleable attribute?
viewing repository information from within eclipse, when codification was checked out using svn tortoise
What's a good way to bind from a shared utility window and the frontmost document window?
Apache2 + RewriteMap + Python -- when returning 'NULL', apache hangs
haskell libmagic how to use it???
Listing and finding windows on OS X
running php without elongation without using mod_rewrite?
Hibernate custom type definitions
incompatible types found: required: default enums in annotations
Qt portable IPC: only QSharedMemory?
bout in matlab a crease into a matrix
Obtaining a Hibernate transaction within a Spring class
SharePoint Preserve Page Properties and WebParts
transparent icons on toolbar hook ugly borders
NSTableView - NSButtonCell Data Source type?
How do I run XPath queries in QT?
How can I iterate a list of lists in scala?
How to encode url in apache rewrite?
loading multiple epitome in matlab
bash, numeric prefix for emacs bindings?
change column-layout of contact form in Magento
Implement a method using a function value in Scala
Drag & drop with .ui files
How to plot 2 graphics in one picture?
POST method, Ajax and Security?
Matlab get file size
VBA SQL Query Table Error problem
How can I change the default edtior for OS X on install?
VBA changes Excel 2002 -> Excel 2007
mamp make the filenames case insensitive
How can I keep a file in memory during editing?
website hostname and docroot
How to redirect requested uri that don't exists to 404 page with Apache?
SharePoint Form Library: Programmatically or Stsadm command to change content type to custom form template
Linq to SQL vs Entity Framework, Microsoft support for
How to print faster in Excel VBA?
how to change the hmtl of the drupal 5's aspect module
Does OpenId support Ajax login?
How can I debug my Qt application?
How to know when a web page is loaded when using QtWebKit?
Is it possible to communicate with the Visual Studio debugger programmatically while debugging?
List of GHC extensions
Location of web app on my server and Apache.
Magento: getting an attribute of a nav filter item
excluding subdirectories with a form in subversion
search center on sharepoint publishing situation
drupal Generate a PDF catalog from a bunch of nodes
Replace author url with different one
Change version informaiton in a built binary
can subccategories be included in the fare directly?
excel vba adding programatically commandbutton to userform
class architect in visual studio - is it worth it?
Generate vector code from Haskell?
svn update not working in post commit
What is the maximum password length in Subversion?
adding oracle's timestamp to query results
More elegant SQL?
A good way to send complex objects with ajax?
SVN authz, path-based authentication woes
Use Scala to unit test Java?
Hibernate for ontologies?
How to add widgets in runtime? (Qt)
Oracle 9i: Synonymed Table Does Not Exist?
High speed udp receiver in matlab
Non-Sequential Range
Simulink: implementing a custom transfer function
A think on sum(X, 1)
how can i trigger sum animation on an animator proxy during a yell to resizesubviewswitholdsize?
haskell fastCGI on lighttpd, need help with configuration
How do I REALLY reset the Visual Studio window layout?
Team is Going from XP32 to XP64 for .NET Development - Any Gotchas?
apache HTMLUNIT..... PROBLEM in handling javascript
SharePoint 2007 Banner Hit Counter
Creating mouse cursor/pointers in OS X Leopard
I don't get the concept of Visual Studio Projects and Solutions.
Round time to nearest 15min interval in Excel
Get visible rectangle of QGraphicsView?
Multiple Monitors with Visual Studio 2008
Is there an "easy" way to add customizable keyboard shortcuts to my Qt4 app?
How do you set a directory to have persistent group permissions?
Memoization & Project Euler Problem 15 in Haskell
Mod Rewrite : Replace all _ (underscore) with - (hyphen)
Idiomatic table cell renderers in Scala
Branching Strategies (in Subversion) for Multiple Products from One Codebase
Open Source SharePoint?
Archive log transfer from Oracle 9i to Oracle 10g
Which plugin do you use for using SVN inside Visual Studio
How am I going to reproduce Javascript bugs if I don't have a Mac & Safari?
how to select particular element from following matrix?(in matlab)
Using a formula from another column in Excel
SVN checkout the contents of a folder, not the folder itself
Resources for building a Visual Studio plug-in?
MS Excel 2003 VBA - Is there a way to define a group of shapes/object into a "group"
Streaming and Linq Blobs
Hooking user registration in Drupal
Constraining the returntype to a Context
[visual studio 2003] setting environment variables in pre-build event and using in compiling step
What is the default URL for APEX for an Oracle XE installation?
Simple rewrite rule for a nginx + apache2 with mod_wsgi
Comet, Tomcat and READ events
WP_Insert_Post and GUID Issue [Wordpress]
How do you declare a by-reference parameter variable for use in a Linq query?
Linq dynamic select casting issue
Add date without exceeding a month.
Magento eCommerce Templates
RewriteMap activation
How can I make MS Query (in Excel) see tables with field-level security on SQL Server 2005 or later?
stop a custom submit button from firing the form validation on a cck cast
Qt Creator: â€œXYZ does not name a typeâ€
Tortiose SVN Revisions
What is the proper way to remove elements from a scala mutable map using a predicate
How do I write this in Ruby/Python? Or, can you translate my LINQ to Ruby/Python?
Dynamically added HTML does not dynamically remove with JQuery in Cakephp
redirect the stdin to come from a different terminal using Bash
How do you change the ListTemplateID of an existing SharePoint list?
Using Hibernate Criteria API To Query Many-To-One Relationships with Projections
Websphere connections problem
Is it possible to develop for sharepoint using continuous integration techniques?
Hiding Qt widget and keeping widget space
Turn off auto formatting in Visual Studio
Sharing authentication between ASP.NET and WordPress
ascending/descending in LINQ - can one change the order via parameter?
Apache Mod Rewrite - Replace : character with another
How do you put a normal control into an NSView?
How to call a method before the mehtod of requested controller is executed : magento
add incremented prop to ienumerable by group using linq
How do you append to an already existing string?
Oracle Default Values
In Visual Studio (2008), can I start up a website debug session as the web root?
Java5 on Snow Leopard
Nested Linq Queries
Ajax autocomplete (or autosuggest) with TAB completion similar to shell command line completion?
Can you return an assignable lvalue in Scala?
Can I hide a directory/path from Launch Services?
IMultipleResults: how do I deal with multiple result sets from a stored proc when they don't map to types?
Detect matlab processes from within matlab
Qt Creator Project Build Error
Difference between Iterator and Stream in Scala?
custom consequence in magento
drupal rules adding field data to referenced node without replacing existing data
issue with serializing hibernate target using xstream
Can I make QCompleter complete inline and show a popup.
Understanding the results of Execute Explain Plan in Oracle SQL Developer
Versioning by default in SharePoint
scala compilation problem - with java libs
Getting average value from matlab plot?
Is there a way to determine if a top level Qt window has been moved?
Best way to cache persistent data (e.g. code books) in Spring?
Magento connect manager problem
drupal theming stop using panel for mobile site
deleting rows containing listed numbers in excel
qt trouble overriding paintEvent
Sharepoint workflow problem
How to use Google Toolbox for Mac for UI unit testing.
Controlling the ID of a custom action item in SharePoint
Remove elusive keyboard binding in visual studio
AJAX (prototype/php) getting partial status updates during script execution
BASH Variables with multiple commands and reentrant
Most stable Linux Distribution for Drupal?
What comparable Javascript function can reference a file like PHP's include()?
how to write custom composition in drupal
having problem with this ajax module !
Qt QPushbutton Icon above Text
Easy parallelisation
Drupal - Selected Node Highlighting in Views
Hibernate  : how to configure the Flush after every RW-D operation ?
Ajax Control Tool Kitt Assembly loading error...PLESE HELP PLEASE......
Function.tupled and placeholder syntax
generate excel sheet from a excel template in asp.net using vb.net
SVN and binaries
Spring - binding to an object rather than a String or primitive
add a new plugins path to Qtwebkit
Simplifying some Haskell code
Is this possible in Hibernate 3.2
Drupal: Taxonomy & Security
How to create bean of type Class?
Drupal MultiSite, Multiple Sites or Organic Groups
How to hide or disable menu item in MAC OSX
Bash and Test-Driven Development
How to improve performance in Oracle using SELECT DISTINCT
autocomplete for the ruby command in bang
Making RDoc Ruby Gem Default on Mac OS X
Applying mod_rewrite rules AFTER DirectoryIndex is applied
Safe rm -rf function in shell script
How to set auto=repeat on a qaction in a qtoolbar?
How to trace a program from its very beginning without running it as root
How to get the index of a record ordered by something in Linq?
What are the licensing terms of the Visual Studio Image libraries?
How to keep a file under N lines long?
is there any way to sticky a file in corruption
Tricky brace expansion in shell
Set up a specific SVN Repository
How do I keep an NSPathControl updated with the selected cell in an NSBrowser
Save Matlab invisible plot under terminal as an image with same size
Where to find volume mount icon on Leopard
Mac installer that runs a script
Are subversion externals an antipattern?
Hibernate does not maintain reference. Do you know why ?
Video streaming woes
Best way to add python scripting into QT application?
Is there a way to refresh Magento *Catalog* (not Shopping Cart) prices with a Coupon code?
Rich text editor (WYSIWYG) for Custom Fields input
obtaining text from a QListView
Best way to use jQuery's .ajax() function retrieve variables from a php script?
How to set up a not-local svn-server?
Changing a label in Qt
What setting might be causing an AMP server to only allow 1 request at a time per browser?
What is the best way to model an Association Class in Core Data?
AJAX Error Handling Recommendations and Best Practices
how can i control the arrangement of the comments region in drupal 6?
Matalb: convert global coordinates to figure coordinates
Does Oracle have an equivalent of MSSQL's table variables?
Qt+Mac: serial port doesn't answer on commands
SharePoint does not find my custom RenderingTemplate
QFileDialog: adding extension automatically when saving file?
order of svn diff revision compass
sorting colors in matlab
Wordpress website is automatically redirecting after load
how to solve qpixmap::fromimage storage leak?
prophesier to_date headache
DLL versions and Visual Studio attach to process
How to implement Abstract Factory pattern in Spring-AOP?
How do you test an asynchronous method?
java on os x: how to provide operations in the overhaul menu (nsservices)
What are the advantages of LINQ?
Hibernate mappings with a descriminator
does using a persuasion for select operations can imporove performance?
Bash One Liner: copy template_*.txt to foo_*.txt?
cd selection in bash script
SVN Weirdness Day 2: SVN List and SVN Update Report Different Things
Run multiple commands in one ExecuteScalar in Oracle
What is the single most compelling reason to migrate to Spring 3 from 2.x
drupal rpx module openid
Is there an implementation of rapid concurrent syntactical sugar in scala? eg. map-reduce
cd doesn't work when redirecting output?
Getting Theme information from the style.css file in Wordpress
Marvell C++ compiler (for Windows CE) for building Qt
How can I access path variables in a URI template in the view (Spring 3/SpringMVC)?
Matlab: identifying uniques in a cell array
How to search a varchar field, using LINQ, to build a list of recommendations
wordpress widget prob
Wordpress: add a custom field option that's available to all posts
does the sql server 2008 hunt problem affect sharepoint search?
Problem installing QT on Vista
C#: How to include dependent DLLs?
Ok, enlighten me as usual Stackoverflow: What is Haskell actually useful for?
SetHidden not working
Wordpress Blog RSS Feed Problems
Get annoted hibernate tablename from POJO
Downloading CSV via AJAX
What goodies are present in UNIX shells sans BASH?
Improving MVP in Scala
How to Wrap a Commad Line Executable In a .app Package?
Magento google products site html help
LINQ to SQL deployment problem
Hibernate Tool for Weblogic 9.2.1
What is the closest thing MATLAB has to namespaces?
another excel offset question
Sort Excel Grouped Rows
Using Wordpress LOOP with pages instead of posts?
Scala Actors with Java interop to underlying COM libraries
apache rewrite url but don't revision certain folder
"svnlook changed" encoding
using BC dates in Drupal date field
OLEDB, Writing Excel cell without leading apostrophe
How can i open popup window in magento admin panel?
basic excel escort and time trouble
linq - how do you do a query for items in one query source that are not in another one?
Multiple mice on OS X
Magento - Link to Store With Specified Currency
An RMIPRoxyFactoryBean factory in Spring?
Sys.Debug messages not appearing in VS debugger Output window
Making row ranges adjust
cocoa + NSOutlineView + reloadItem:reloadChildren:
How to verfiy information using standard linux/unix filters?
Spring  HibernateDaoSupport keep the same Session ?
adding id to a tag in drupal's primary menu
QAbstractTableModel inheritance vtable problem
How do I order subpages within my static ones in Wordpress.org 2.8.4 ?
Mapping over multiple Seq in Scala
Excel VBA: Copy rows from another workbook, but just the function results
Hibernate: When to use getSession() and when to use getCurrentSession()?
Where to find Wordpress API documentation?
NSColorWell subclass not getting mouseMoved events
Getting started with Apache, MySQL, and (PHP, Perl, Python) on a Mac
Reducing CPU processing time by using nice?
NSTableView -setDataSource not working when triggered by FSEvents
custom sharepoint list perspective - can i put it in a feature (wsp)?
How do I  install and use wordpress.org  GeSHi syntaxhighlighter
Drupal 5: Flag module - display user flagged items in a block
How to draw a SURF graph without black edges in Matlab?
Run bash script from Windows PowerShell
Ugly looking text when drawing NSAttributedString in CGContext
oracle pl/sql ora-01722 error
Detect CPU Architecture (32bit / 64bit) runtime in Objective C (OSX)
QDir and QDirIterator ignore files with non-ASCII filenames
Store and retrieve Image by Hibernate
Extract image from the content
Cocoa API comments guideline
excel vba: effect refresh of "last" cell of the worksheet
How to write custom reports in Drupal
How to use objetcs as modules/functors in Scala?
Return an Oracle Ref Cursor to a SqlServer T-SQL caller
wordpress url resolution of subpages from within plugin
What is the best way of retrieving a specific post in Wordpress?
What does the Alias attribute of FieldRef do?
Automatic increment of build number in QT Creator
how to assign random energy E to every node and compare two nodes for maximum energy and also find distance between them?
Properly handling space and quotes in bash completion
how to set os ex terminal's default home?
In Haskell, is there a way to do IO in a function guard?
Magento My Account Layout XML Problem
Problem using @SecondaryTable in Hiberante
Problem executing excel from C# Application
what's the eq of shgetfolderpath on osx?
Best reflection of extract-interface refactoring in subversion
Is it possible to specify an anonymous function's return type, in Scala?
What kind of CAL do I need for Sharepoint?
Drupal Module Add Menu Item To Primary Links?
PLS-00306 error on call to cursor
Is there an easy way to integrate scaladoc into IntelliJ Idea?
why is oracle's to_char() part adding spaces?
What's wrong with this code logic?
WordPress: I got rid of the second "home" page, but it's not good enough
modifying sharepoint app web.config file with shape based authentication
How to create a custom 404 page for my Django/Apache?
Drupal 6 Forms formatting
How do I delete a bash function?
VS2005 + cant select windows service as project type
What am I doing wrong with the styling in this sharepoint masterpage?
Enabling new admin action(button sales_order/view) in ACL
plugin for 2.0 insert on wordpress
Magento - Simple Configurable Products Extension question?
Hibernate detached queries as a part of the criteria query
How do you strip leading spaces in Oracle?
Case class to map in Scala
Link to external URL in post title of RSS feed in WordPress.
how to gain access to all open windows on desktop using cocoa?
How to hide distributed servers under a single domain?
Porting an application from Oracle 9 to Oracle 11 - gottchas?
mspdbsrv.exe sustenance forever?
How can I make properties files mandatory in Spring?
Scripting for bash screen
tortise svn icons not showing up under windows 7
Content type custom document information panel
Unable to access Excel's Application.ComAddIns property if there are no AddIns installed
how can we delete certain option from an dip down attribute(magento)
when should I use "apache:apache" or "nobody:nobody" on my web server files?
Haskell "do nothing" IO, or if without else
Client Scritp and get call back event reference.
Spreadsheet: Count Repeated Values In A Column
How to make the Visual Studio compiler ignore a file?
ASP.Net AJAX - Any end-to-end examples of writing a WebControl?
hibernate OneToMany List ordering persisting but reversing?!
Haskell type vs. newtype with respect to type safety
Drupal 6 - Views2 - How to build a view of non-nodes
How to export a part of SVN repository with dependencies?
NSNumberFormatter: plusSign vs. positivePrefix
Output 2 Fields from Linq Group By
How can I insert a post into wordpress and associate it with a category?
Multiple responses from one AJAX request
Why are people continuing to use xml mapping files instead of annotations?
Display required fields
Mod rewrite / clean urls problem
where bindding in Haskell
How to unpack a haskell existential type?
Qt QHboxLayout cell size ssues
Parse DS_Store w/ PHP
How realize a financial software in Qt?
Thread pool in Qt 4.3
Getting a useful report from SVN - non-code files messing the stats up
Subversion asks for incorrect user
Nested Linq Min() crashes Visual Studio
Format cell color based on value in another sheet and cell
mac screensaver start event
Request for several responses
is there an argument to know you're on a views list page?
VS2008 files and "start debugging"
i want to make functionality in magento admin panel that admin upload video
What is sql Loader...in details
Do I understand Spring @Transactional behaviour correctly?
Redirecting browser using AJAX
Wordpress: How do I convert a generated URL (permalink) to a pretty URL?
Is it possible to Serialize a LINQ object?
NSPopUpButtonCell inside custom NSCell does not change selection when item is selected from menu
How can I remove jquery from the frontside of my WordPress?
Returning value from AJAX request in a global variable
Bash usage of vi or emacs
how to see the normal tooltip information in visual studio instead of the misplay help
Reading Image from AJAX response
How can I force the type of an array when initialized in Scala?
Hibernate: ID generator using increment and Oracle Schema
Use NSArrayController with nested NSMutableArrays (Cocoa Bindings Question)
"dangling" local blocks in scala
LINQ Distinct operator ignore case?
Output of sub-processes in DOS batch script not visible in Apache
How do I simplify the below expressions using primitive recursion ????
Generating Fibonacci numbers in Haskell?
Is there any opengl example so that I can run on MacOS?
How does Magento code work?
best way to start learning Cococa in iPhone or OSX, espeicaly getting the big picture
Brackets at the start of input in matlab ?? [ x , y ] = ....
hibernate illustration onetomany with compositekey
Analysing Excel VBA/Macro code
Where can I find a large AJAX loader .gif?
SVN - Permission Denied
Sending progress message from Server to Client using Ajax.
how to port a chocolate app to iphone-os?
Cocoa: filling an NSBezierPath with an image
Spring Security Encypt MD5
Does Visual Studio have debug symbols available?
Hibernate: Foreign key has the wrong number of columns
Scala type inference failure on "? extends" in Java code
accelerating saving plot digit as bitmap image in matlab
Binding IKImageBrowserView's zoom to the size of its parent NSScrollView
Qt and Sqlite examples
Best resource to learn application programming? (.Net/Cocoa/etc)
how do I extract xml properties using shell scripts
linq over datatable with .skip() and .take() method
Configuring Apache Web Server with Tomcat
Best Matlab toolbox that implements Support Vector Regression?
Sliding window algorithm for activiting recognition MATLAB
How to restrict drupal search from indexing all content types?
excel macro to save as filename excel file and close open excel file
tortoisesvn erroneousness
Accessing svn repo wtih TortoiseSVN from work vs. home + VPN
Give away signs that a site is Drupal?
Creating a login based website in Drupal
drupal: node submission meter
Where can I find at least two great online tutorials for building a Web application with the Spring Framework
add categories column to the product grid in magento admin
Where can I find documentation for Scala's delayed function calls?
dba_jobs_running: table or view does not exist when trying to access from procedure
How do I use SCM with a PHP app such as Wordpress?
Transparent image in QT
Why is there "data" and "newtype" in Haskell?
xml excel realtive path issue
How to parse a "cut n paste" from Excel.
Extacting contents from excel in Drupal
Spring user transaction with hibernate
Mapping the :edit command to a certain editor
Using haskell read and typeclasses - ambiguous type variable error
How is Scala "filling in" missing arguments to a case class?
Complex Expressions in a LINQ Where Clause
What's the difference between the Oracle SYS and SYSTEM accounts?
Drupal vs Wordpress performance comparassion
Hibernate JPA Sequence (non-Id)
Oracle materialized view tuning
alternative to update_option() in wp-admin
SVN recursive delete
how to make divide(column1/column2) in hibernate criteria protrusion
Finding the Latest Post by Author
Magento export product problem
Drupal installing another language
QWT plugin for QT 4.5
Define mono for only one VirtualHost
Saving html page from MATLAB web browser
How to record the ouput of executable running with bash script and standard input?
Retrive blob field from mySQL database with MATLAB
haskell parsing misplay
hoe to draw concentric circles in an image in matlab? Please help me
Why does my MATLAB (R2008a) object's class change on a save/load cycle?
Which are the best forums about Sharepoint 2007?
What's a quality development environment for writing Oracle SQL?
Bash: Join elements of an array?
QWidget::find(hwnd) always returning 0
How do I set a surf to one color (no gradient) in my matlab-plot?
how to prevent hacking of a WP site
Wordpress Hook Pre Post Update
O(1) circular buffer in haskell?
Pattern matching with multiline XML case
Drupal reseting user Password
LINQ to SQL multiple DataContext-s
QT 4.5 - how do I perform a queued connection with a template type?
What does L == 2 mean in MATLAB?
What would you choose for your data layer today, Linq or Subsonic?
How to verify correct operation of Hibernate second level caching in a cluster?
Active link state help WORDPRESS
Apache Rewrite Rule Regex Problem
hibernate result ordering
find installed covering in cocoa
Composite Key with Hibernate
How to set Wordpress and index.php to WP site
Can you prevent a command from going into the bash shell command history?
Python QtreeWidget: return tree hierarchy
Haskell's Text.Regex.subRegex using TDFA implementation?
How do I use Data.Concurrent.mergeio?
How can I test for an expected exception with a specific exception message in Visual Studio Test?
Iterating over arrays in haskell
Operator precedence and associativity in a parser (Haskell)
Comparing Two Arrays.
problem with cakephp and nested ajax mannikin in firefox 3.5
In Scala, can I override a concrete field containing a list and append something to it in the subclass?
Bash egrep numbers not working in case
C stack overflow on Project Euler Problem 27
Suggested content for a lunch-time "Introduction to Scala" talk
NSMatrix and autoresize only certain cells?
issue with advance featured products lengthiness in magento 1.4.2
Bulk Insert into Oracle database: Which is better: FOR Cursor loop or a simple Select ?
Is there an Oracle SQL query that aggregates multiple rows into one row?
Storing Array of Floats as a BLOB in Oracle
Spring RDBMS vs JDBCTemplate
How can I get the selected VALUE out of a QCombobox?
Strange SVN scenario - checkouts need to update with no SSH access
How Do I Rollout WP-Cache To 1000 WordPress Blogs?
Ajax locally testing
How do I provide a username/password to access a web resource using Matlab urlread/urlwrite?
Editor does not contain a main type
Spring: Remove singleton
Linq to SQL - how to dynamically filter by columns not in select
Could you show me a site where ajax-driven country-region-city drop down list is used?
exception when assigning value to ixmlhttprequest object in ie7 and ie8
Haskell quiz: a simple function
qtexteditor retort quotes(
Looking for good tool to convert Oracle - sql server
Add a checkbox to product image gallery (like "Disable/Exclude")
Running total by grouped records in table
is there an easy room to convert http_accept_language to oracle nls_lang settings?
Why does Oracle require TO_NCHAR when binding SQL_C_WCHAR text via ODBC
Hibernate Query runs slow in the system, but fast when run directly.
Ss it possible to use CIN and QT ???
why does qt add more than three tower when i use restorestate() on a qtablewidget?
unwanted leading blank space on oracle number formatting
how do i convert list in reverse order in excel plane
Transactional L2 cache in Hibernate
Drupal advanced ACLs for "untrusted" administrators
excel vba: copy rows from another workbook, but just the function consequence
Hibernate SQL Audit Logging
wordpress shortcode for wp_list_categories()
Is there option to have powerfull URL and Aliases in Drupal, not the poor one that I've found?
cd option in bash script
qt qhboxlayout cellphone size ssues
NSMenu with IBAction method for clicking the menu header?
OWA Web Part Jumps/Shifts when getting focus on My Site
Hibernate Criteria API - how to order by collection size?
Spring & Hibernate SessionFactory - recovery from a down server
moving data from sql waiter to oracle repeatedly
Forcing Reading of a Text Field Before Dismissing Modal Dialog in Cocoa
Same rules for multiple directories in Apache?
MySQL enum with hibernate
HTML type drop down in excel
COUNTIF - establishing a specific range in excel
Is there any reason why you all want to be notify whenever someone commit some codes?
using scala structural types with abstract eccentric
Uniform distribution of binary values in Matlab
migrating from svn to perforce -- tips? experience?
MATLAB pdist function
apache redirect from non www to www
QT: problem with creation of C++ library
Running a macro in excel
Oracle ProC ORA-12547
upload data from excel to access using java
Excel - Worksheet_Activate Code for New Sheets
How to programmatically modify content in a SharePoint Web Part?
Sharepoint Code Generation Tool
oracle objects and collections
matlab: reading floating gunpoint numbers and strings from a file
Oracle 9i: How can I determine, using metadata, whether or not an index is clustered?
How to maintain slightly different software?
Where is stdout for a Mac App?
Wordpress blog date function
Run command when bash script is stopped
how to set UTF8 lang on Tomcat running on Mac OS 10.5.8?
mod_rewrite depends on what other modules?
How do I get a list of all unversioned files from svn?
Wordpress: Having trouble displaying data Child Page's Custom Fields correctly
How can I hide Protected Excel AddIn Functions from Appearing in Insert Function Dialogue Box?
Scala compiler says unreachable code, why?
[Hibernate]Relation many-to-many with attributes : how ?
Linq to sql truncating string returned by Stored Procedure
How to avoid blinking when updating page from ajax
SharePoint and Enterprise Library 4.0
How to make a fortran executable that runs on Mac OS X 10.5 and 10.6
why the option to use attributes in new atl project was removed from visual studio 2008?
How can I get dev tools (such as make) for Mac OS X via the command line
WordPress Problem with wp_enqueue_script
Ling select with two tables
exchange axis of an "ezplot"
update memory logo programmatically magento
Scala do I have to convert to a Seq when creating a collection from an iterable?
xampp: ace edited php.ini, and now apache crashes
Can I run JUnit 4 to test Scala code from the command line?
creating a file downloading script with checksum verification
wordpress php image change depending on a terminology
Making the Children Rows in an Outline View be deleted when their parent is.
Filter/Map composition problem Haskell
settimeout with ajax schmoose
Data Types supported in visual studio 2008
Is there an Oracle equivalent to SQL Server's OUTPUT INSERTED.*?
How to detect timeout on an AJAX (XmlHttpRequest) call in the browser?
Troubleusing map in Haskell
Windows Service in .net Cannot See TNS Names
How can I view programmatically what resources Qt thinks it has?
what is @ operator in Matlab
Save output error messages to file in MATLAB
How to gain access to all  open windows on Desktop using Cocoa?
cocoa: getting the current mouse spot on the screen
Oracle deadlock detection tool
Can VS_VERSION_INFO be added to non-exe files?
Why does Apache return a 503 error for ant's get task, but not for my browser?
Does anyone know if WordPress has builtin PHP validation functions?
Custom block in magento
qtreewidgetitem addchild to already present item yields nothing
Using SVN in Windows (Wordpress plugin-repository)?
How to style QTabBar close button
Need some help understanding cat in high dimensions of matlab
QWebElement information where on page it is rendered ?
credit card detail in magento
Synchronize data between frontend and backend
vs2008 publish problem with unmanaged dlls
How to Prevent SQL Injection in Oracle SQLPlus?
Can't compare the norm of a vector to 1 in matlab
Access denied when blaming with ToroiseSVN
Where are Visual Studio breakpoints saved?
Magento checkout
How can I configure Spring to save as much memory as possible?
Accessing dynamically created stored procedure from LINQ
what's the best way to report erroneousness from a sharepoint workflow?
drupal - saving created pageboy and page edits leads to an incorrect, blank page.
Refactoring and concurrent development branches
displaying info from matalb without a line feed
Is there a difference between installing mod_python via httpd.conf and conf.d in apache?
spring - hibernate load *.hbm.xml from classpath resource
Copy Protection (mac apps): most cost effective solution??
Apache HttpClient making multipart form post
prototype ajax not properly executing query
Develop SharePoint web parts in ASP.NET
Enviroment variable within variable
[magento] product selection grid while placing order from admin division
Putting values in error.getModel in onBindAndValidate
Hibernate default joining for nullable many-to-one
How do I get controls on an NSPanel to look correct?
hiding information points in excel line charts
How can I create a command line (unix/linux) instruction that uses variables to execute numerous commands?
undefined symbols compiling apache module mod_transform on mac oxygen x
Update of of Composite Entity fails
Is Spring ever going to combine MVC and WebFlow?
How to mask part of an image in matlab ?
Where is the Attic in Subversion?
Matlab - Find  point of intersection between two vectors
Mergeing across branches in Subversion isn't adding all the new files. Why not?
Is there a super-high-load (Ajax) chat script out there?
Can't see Methods, etc. in Visual Studio 2008 C# Code
hibernate DAO desugin
Scala/Erlang uses the greenThread model or not ?
Connect Visual Studio 2008 to Virtual PC 2007
How to get rid of VSMacros80 folder from project root?
Can't get wordpress feed to display full article...
help with ajax recall and drupal_process_form
Is pretty XStream serialization feasible with Scala?
"Invalid Handle Object" when plotting 2 figures Matlab
Step-by-step explanation of Scala syntax used in Wikipedia quick sort example
How do I dynamically create an Expression<Func<MyClass, bool>> predicate?
How to remove date header from apache ?
LINQ to read XML (C#)
Conditional php_flag statements in .htaccess
Run Apache 2.2 as a single httpd.exe for debugging.
Why does my nib's window close immediately?
Changing SVN Repository
Generics and Constrained Polymorphism versus Subtyping
Convert time fields to strings in Excel
Haskell and Quadratics
Lock a button while an AJAX call.
accessing bounce bean *not* by dependency injection
Access Web Datasheet in a webApp
CCK field prefixes?
Built in colormaps in Matlab
spring: programmatically use propertyplaceholderconfigurer on none singelton noggin
Differences between SVN and SVN+SSH on a Windows SVN server?
Asyncsocket VS NSstream
encrypted network services connections and pk12 certificates
Can I specify a hibernate relationship with a filter?
How can i get around the same origin policy?
New folders are not uploaded in SVN
svn checkout and update without the .svn directory
SVN: a versioned directory of the same name already exists
does it worth to use MYSQLI_CLIENT_COMPRESS when the db is on another machine ?
One SVN repository or many?
Open form for node/add with taxonomy terms set, no user changes wanted.
send bod data as email in magento
mac software growth
add custom field to subscribtion module in Magento
how do you add an edit clitoris to each row in a report in oracle apex?
recipe for adding Drupal node records.
Is info about Drupal RSS signups available?
How to move the cursor of a QTMovie?
how to remove an detail from a list in haskell
Limiting recursion depth in Scala
Using Excel VBA to find a range
Import Date Format mmddyyyy
how to populate dropdown with dynamic date based on 2 other dropdown boxes
how to merge from outgrowth to ramification and back again (bidirectional merging) in svn?
Where is a good guide for Drupal themeing?
qsettings different results
Checking for Magento login on external page
magento - buy it now buttons and checkout outgrowth
Store LINE in a string in bash
Easiest way to scrape SharePoint list data to a seperate SQL Server table?
Jquery Ajax Validation Not Functioning On Submit
No properties file found Error for ReloadableResourceBundleMessageSource
Drupal Theming - Background images without dimensional constraints
How can I make the "find" Command on OS X default to the current directory?
faster dec2bin funtion for large amount of transition
trying to install hs-ffmpeg haskell package fails to find libdc1394
Create wiki pages on sharepoint with web services
spring 3.0 and JSRI68 support
Ignore/prune hidden directories with bash find command
How can I query two databases and combine the results using LINQ?
how to use the scala expedition library to send a post request to the server in the lift ?
Apache + Tomcat: Using mod_proxy instead of AJP
Javascript if(function_foo()) doesn't wait for function_foo() to complete
System.Data.OracleClient: How can I mock/fake/stub OracleException?
Can I pass an arbitrary block of commands to a bash function?
Distributing SVN ( Master & Mirrors )
url_rewrite /#/something/here to /something/here
Help me understand apache ab
How do I copy a range into a temp workbook and return a reference to it with a vba function?
scala case classes in collection
File Watcher in Cocoa
How do I stop the linq designer overwriting my manual changes?
listing the files and revisions with a certain check-in content in subversion
Apache - Ubuntu desktop edition 9.04
sequenctial autogenerated Id with help of linq
Apache & PHP folder permissions
Using Java Lib with Scala Reserved Words
Rational behind Qt way of naming classes?
How to verify that mod_rewrite is working
excel vba horizontal alignment trouble when using numberformat codes
How to set fixed axis intervals with Qt/QwtPlot?
Setting up a code repository for a small web development company
Rewrite spring-security redirect URLs
How can I find out a files "mime-type(Content-Type?)"?
hql order by within a ingathering
Excel VBA Macro: create a chart from CSV?
file selector in a qtablewidget
environment path loading incorrectly in bash
redirect http to https for some page in site in APACHE
Fetching join using @JoinTable with SQLQuery
Haskel Hello world, exclipse IDE
ad targeting for individual spot in wordpress
scala 2.8 implict java collections conversions
Count of chars in NSString or NSMutableString?
Why does an Excel VSTO addin run slower on a higher spec machine ?
Microsoft's AJAX Toolkit vs. Ajax
How do I use a file grep comparison inside a bash if/else statement?
Customizing SharePoint's NewForm.aspx, or creating my own form... thoughts?
Matlab - Speeding up a Nested For Loop
hibernate lookup api with 2 tables
Visual Studio Context Menu Shortcut
count number of files generated from split command
what is the case and how to fix 503 errors with this in apache error_log: "broken pipe: ajp_ilink_send(): send failed"
Making a NSPopUpButton display all my iCal Calandars.
spring beans configuration
How do I get the AJAX top menu that StackOverlow has?
add a group by to a hibernate criteria-query without protrusion
ASP Ajax Calendar Extendar and displaying time
How can i have two concurrent web apps running on VS2008/VSS8.0/ASP.NET/IIS for a trunk and branch version?
How can I make the -f flag apply to directories with a trailing slash?
How can we share data between the different steps of a Job in Spring Batch?
How to automatically insert preprocessor and comment blocks into a new C++ header file in Visual Studio?
How should I store a Guid in Oracle
tutorial for developing web serve with apache axis 1.5
Whats wrong with this FIRST_VALUE query?
Does this sound like a good idea? ( svn / version control / webdev / deployment )
Confusing LINQ statement
how to emit cross-thread signal in qt?
What does padColor(:,:,1) mean in MatLab?
Hibernate Validation and Spring 3.x
Haskell Typeclass shorthand
jmeter command line - linux version fivesome windows version
What knowledge should a software architect have about SharePoint?
Return a regex match in a BASH script, instead of replacing it
Remove Characters from EOF while Writing to File in Matlab
Python interface to the Apache scoreboard (for server statistics)?
Can you force an apache restart in a post-commit svn hook?
Qt QFileDialog QSizePolicy of sidebar
magento show subcategory
When does Spring create instances of objects that are injected
URL Rewrite Apache locating files
QT Webkit & OpenGL Rendering Context
writing a normal to a cell with openxls
Updating multiple DIVs via AJAX is inconsistent
free shipping of a single product in magento
Binding NSSlider to control the zoom of an IKImageBrowserView
SharePoint/Exchange Distribution List Mirroring?
Checking if a folder exists (and creating folders) in Qt, C++
Is there a method in PL/SQL to convert/encode text to XML compliant text?
Adding inputs with AJAX?
How can I get back a previously created Excel ListObject?
Apache: RewriteRule leads to segfault
When did oracle start supporting "top": select top ? p2_.PRODUCT_ID from PRODUCT?
how can i feel for the duplicate values in a certain field in a spreadsheet ?
Drupal search - alternative ways of doing it?
Does anyone have experience with clusters running on ClusterVisionOS?
Should I learn Xml and Javascript before learning Ajax?
DataView component in SPD attaches needless strings to field values.
In the Visual Studio SQL editor, how do I get rid of the boxes?
How do you extend Linq to SQL?
Can I select multiple objects in a Linq query
magento - multiple tax rates
Pass Url Parameter web flow
What's the least painful way to transfer local Subversion changes to another machine?
Making an NSButton In-Active.
spring: set property of one bean by reading the property of another bean?
Using Apache Rewrite to go from HTTP to HTTPS and vice-versa, but I get a 302 response and my app errors out.
Drupal form_submit and default_value
Is there a static way to get the HttpServletRequest of the current request
.htaccess deny access to specific files? more than one
calling an excel add-in method from c# coating or vice versa
loop through two variable in Haskell
ASP.NET Ajax script registration
Changing Drupal notifications e-mail address
Converting Wordpress Categories into Tags
Opensourcing a starter web application
Wordpress: Find posts in category 1 and not in category 2
How do you guard for Null Reference exceptions in Linq To Xml?
How to prevent ordering certain products - or a category -  from a specific country
what's the best means to draw a bunch of (~200) colored rectangles in cocoa?
compare twine in haskell
pipe many outputs to same file at the same time?
Magento locate CMS page in cms.xml
Magento: placing block on custom template
Generic Category Sidebar in Carrington Wordpress Theme Framework
How to change Drupals menu alternatives for creating a page
Mac OS X / Open terminal with specified windows
How to create a CGGradient for my UIView subclass ?
what data type do unity use for an integer in soap xml in cocoa?
How do I get the assembler output from a C file in VS2005
recursive function's summation in MATLAB
osx mysql gui with plain text output?
excel: how can i display the data from several canvas in one?
Streaming Video In Scala Designer 5
How can you make your custom property of a webpart in SharePoint 2007, sort to the top of the property pane?
How to call Java web service (JAX-WS) from AJAX?
Mac solution for "safe" C/C++ Standard Library functions?
Getting Cabal to work with GHC 6.12.1
Anyway to use AJAX when my server does not and can not have the AJAX extensions Installed?
Visual studio addin - finding current solution folder path
Power Management API for auto-wake in OSX?
Qt QSystemTrayIcon not sending activated signal
Audit Schema Mapping with Hibernate
PHP using too much memory
Is there a way to list all the database queries my wordpress install is making for a given event?
Conflicting nested inherited traits
Is there a transaction management for DAO in Spring framework?
Magento - Layout and block
order detail with sql inquiry in magento?
Haskell CPS Programming Style Problem
Spring Security Concurrency On Different Browsers
Sharepoint search, redirect from OSSSearchResults.aspx to Search centre
how to escape white space in bash loop list
How do you create an alias in Cocoa? Is a symlink good enough?
issue with submitChanges() inserting unwanted records in linq
How to replace xml content in conditionally selected elements using linq (VB 2008)
defer processing during apache page render
Hibernate not creating correct fields for Clobs in MySQL
.NET coupled with MATLAB or R?
Preserving data integrity in Drupal:
Oracle Database character set issue with the audit tables on Debian
add dropdowns to magento
Is it possible to target just Simple Product from phtml template?
Spring + Hibernate bean declaration error
Color part of graph under a line in Matlab
URL Rewriting - Redirect With No File Extension
is it possible to change varlet before ajax?
SVN installation
Best way to make NSRunLoop wait for a flag to be set?
Linq to SQL and Entity Framework Diffrences ?
Excel 2007 3-color scale with negative values
Idiom for Scala's Option when doing equality tests
automatic increment of build issue in qt creator
Hibernate and Scala
Generate an Excel XML document in Asp.net MVC Web Site
Spring context tests can't find config locations
what is the most elegant way to remove a way from the $path variable in bash?
MOSS 2007 Search Center. Altering Scope of a Search
Simultaenous connections, excel
How to store child objects on GAE using JDO from Scala
What do you do when an employee leaves the company? - How to find all the places a userid has permission in SharePoint
Drupal: how to upgrade a running production website to a dev version?
Drupal voting module with an image per option
Haskell Input Return Tuple
PHP Server settings causing problem
How can I maintain the checkbox state on a page that is refreshed by Ajax?
How to get a unique WindowRef in a dockable Qt application on Mac
How can I get the functionality of svn:externals in a read-only fashion?
In a meeting workspace get all agenda items from a list programmatically.
iqueryable where extention method with or's
LINQ Query for Controlling some item.
Magento rewrite headaches
How to valid that some template does *not* compile for given argument types?
Q_Object with no type...
counting duplicates in a sorted sequence using command line tools
Moving sharepoint installation to a different port / URL
ViewSVN fails to run saying unsupported URL
can you prevent a command from going into the knock shell control history?
capture types of varargs parameters
Fix Size of Login Box in Drupal Theme
How do you redirect https to http
Using reflection to address a Linqed property
Customise a SharePoint List Form into Sections/Tabs/Pages
LINQ joins and ADO.NET Data Services
Spring JPA and persistence.xml
zip columns from separate files together in bash
How can I make a setup that makes my software require administrative priviliges while installation?
read file line by line in bash expands special case
SharePoint Content Query Web Part
hibernate     @GeneratedValue  correct?
Remove project from SCM on Mac
Customize SharePoint:FormFields to a specific height..
Phonon VideoWidget error: "the video widget could not be	initialized correctly"
Wordpress on Localhost. Reset site to beginning?
visual studio fivesome visual web developer
sharepoint content type data driven
Are peekCString and peekCStringLen lazy?
magento template creation
Mac: reloading document in Chrome or Firefox?
Is it possible to add multiple commands to the readline .inputrc file?
Create database in QT
break whenever a file (or class) is entered
UTF-8 URI explodes Apache & mod_rewrite
Global Find and Replace in Visual Studio
WordPress plugin: finding the <!--more--> in the_content
objective-c asynchronous web request with biscuit
Best language suited for scanning many files for a keyword (called from a Cocoa app)?
Are these two combinators already available in Haskell?
Visual studio automation: Enumerate opened windows upon solution loading.
What Content Management does your workplace use?
Oracle Analytics inside Cursor
How can I only commit property changes without the client recursively going through everthing?
country name based themeing system on magento
how to export a image to a folder?
Scala Enumeration and readResolve
SharePoint Datasheet view read-only custom field
Using Visual Studio's 'cl' from a normal command line
Bash == operator in [[ ]] is too smart!
distinguishing between hfs+ and hfs standard bulk
In which process to Sharepoint 2007 Workflows run?
What causes Visual Studio 2005 Out-Of-Order Command Line Builds?
wordpress categories and their subcategories
How to debug "Unexpected debug information initialization error -- 'Failed to find a required export in the runtime.'"
hibernate: how to exclude a year which is part of a join using the criteria api
hibernate cascade deletion example
DRUPAL: use tags as filter in Views
How unique is LINQ?
cvs for Mac OSX
Pattern Matching with Conjunctions (PatternA AND PatternB)
excel VBA horizontal alignment problems when using NumberFormat codes
Hiding Page Breaks in Excel
TreePlot String Labeling MATLAB
os x textbook drawing
How to get notified about chnages on SharePoint groups.
use linq to concatenate multiple run-in into single row (csv property)
Adding a required field validator to a SharePoint webpart
How can I create a ddl for my jpa entities from java code?
Split a database of mol2 molecules into N smaller sets
Can intellisense be exported or extracted from Visual Studio to a text file?
Apache alternatives to PHP header function.
convert java app to mac installer...dmg
How to split Oracle sql statements for ADO.NET
UserType join in Hibernate
localhost != remote server
importing content into drupal.
In SVN, how do I copy just the subdirectories of a directory to another directory?
WSS 2.0 - Customizing document library toolbar
UIWebView in multithread ViewController
what are some example employment cases for symbolisation literals in scala?
i wanna start Qt
Qt GraphicsScene constantly redrawing
Why doesn't ORACLE allow consecutive newline characters in commands?
Ajax ReordeList and asp:FileUpload Problem
How do I reference to another (open or closed) workbook, and pull values back, in VBA? - Excel 2007
Is a destructor the right place to mark the end of a script's execution?
matching a line with a literal asterisk "*" in grep
Using LINQ with classes implementing non-generic ICollection
jquery , ajax and live routine issues....
Visual Studio Test Project - Does not copy folder on deployment
using wordpress loop with varlet instead of posts?
In qt 4.5, is it possible to have resources in a statically linked plugin?
Collapsible member events in Visual Studio designer
[Wordpress] How do I get the name of the page I am on?
Hibernate named query parameter
Can regex capture and substitution be used with an Apache DirectoryMatch directive?
Subversion - how to move some changesets from trunk to a branch?
Apache access control: Interaction between <Directory> and Order/Allow/Deny
Thumbnail wordpress plugin
What's the best type 4 Oracle JDBC driver?
Why does Scala's semicolon inference fail here ?
gist an nsview within an nsscrollview
[Haskell] Common recursion pattern
Drupal 5: Posting query string variables to a module page - Page not found
Manual alternative to mod_deflate
ajax call through cas
Send file to Sharepoint using webservices: Error deserializing the object of type System.Byte[].
iPhone SDK 3.0 not detected by XCode 3.2
Build failure during install sqlite3 on Mac OS X 10.6 using MacPorts 1.8
Visual Studio class/file templates: Is there a way to change their content automatically per project/solution?
memory management problem in mexFunction
Linq validation non nullable properties
Matlab - Propagate unit vectors on to the edge of shape boundaries
Visual Studio 2008 Syntax Coloring Problem
Which is the best ajax framework for java web development ?
Scala case classes in collections
QT slot get Signaled twice
Reading a list from a java .properties using Spring properties place holder
SVN Update of multiple files
programmatically setting the `type` of an abstract type
What's the best way to remove all .svn directories throughout a directory hierarchy on Mac OS X?
Oracle command-line tools on Linux
how to pass an raiment parameter in toad
Trying to create a class for relating images in Wordpress
How do I "get" a Scala case object from Java?
How to flatten a List of different types in Scala?
What supposed to be the signature of my extension-methods
magento router: How can i catch parameters in all urls?
Returning multiple streams from LINQ query.
Are there any free Ajax implementation of a HTML editor that can be used in the browser?
How to get a list of all SVN commits in a repository and who did what to what files?
MPM Prefork Apache Uses Absurd Amount of Memory
Access to a Drupal site via an HTTP API
drawing a view hierachy into a specific message in cocoa
read folders and any document properties from excel?
Set line weight for all series in Excel 2000 pivot chart
Oracle connections from a COM+ application
Spring's JMS Design Question : Decouple processing of messages
What is the best way to encrypt a clob?
Query on hibernate entity with user-type field
Stumped trying to implement Save/Load object functionality in a MATLAB UI
Drupal theme preprocess function - primary links
Duplicate records in Core Data on fetch
How to get real Integer Overflows in Matlab/Octave
Visual Studio
McAfee deletes code from VBA module
How to pass values of a form to the sever with Ajax and Jquery?
when blogging on wordpress. my blog destroys the template i created. how to  avoid that?
Sys.Serialization.JavaScriptSerializer in AJAX autocomplete
Where does the Toolbar Metadata live in Visual Studio on the Filesystem
Internet Explorer 7 Ajax links only load once
Finding files ISO-8859-1 encoded?
How do I remember which way round PRIOR should go in CONNECT BY queries
Working with Anonymous Types with Linq in VB, C#
Problem with Bash's command_not_found_handle()
Can this be refactored into nicey nice LINQ?
How do I tell NSTableView not to resize all other columns when showing/hiding a column?
Good Syntax Highlighter For Self-Hosted WordPress Blog
JPA Hibernate One-to-One relationship
slow deletes from mesa with clob fields in oracle 10g
MERGE output cursor of SP into table?
Spring: How to programmatically define FactoryBean
LINQ to SQL
Using Spring to inject EasyMock mocks causes ClassCastException
deleting an excel file in C#, Taskmanager process is not stopped.....
Open Directory directory domain name on Mac OS X
how to highlight a wrangle in nstableview. very simple question
SharePoint stsadm addsolution - fails with permission based error (object ref)
Reading the final name of a file downloaded using QNetworkAccessManager
migrating svn 1.4 repo's to 1.6, populating guest origins.
UpdatePanel where Button Event does not fire.
Getting a List of Applications Capable of Opening a Type of File
How do you invoke the Visual Studio Preprocessor from the command line?
(newbie) type signature "Maybe a" doesn't like "Just [Event]"
What replaces class variables in scala ?
what does "apachectl" stand for? why isn't it just "apache"?
Why does the pointfree version of this function look like this?
qt4: transparent window with rounded nook
Solution items cross several web projects in Visual Studio
JPA EntityManager, how does it work??
Looping over a function in Haskell
Haskell Sample Projects
portable way to "fork()" in qt application?
How do i get the Session Object in Spring ??
What does fopen('text.txt', 'wt') mean in MATLAB?
Temporary tables in Linq -- Anyone see a problem with this?
Monad trait in Scala
Use SQL to Filter Drupal Views
simple yes/no haskell list question
How can I autofill cells in Excel?
"Pivot" a table in Excel
Remove progress bar from published document in MATLAB
Stuck on a subquery that is grouping, in Linq`
NoSuchMethod exception when using scala Regex class... confused...
hibernate one to one mapping example
how can i retrieve a inclination of a wordpress page's sibling pages?
MATLAB: convert vector to cell array
Scala regexps: how to return matches as array or list
where can i find a large ajax stevedore .gif?
mod_rewrite proxy RewriteRule not working
Linq 2 SQL: Setting ObjectTrackingEnabled to false breaks lazy loading of child entities?
The Current State Of Serving a PHP 5.x App on the Apache, LightTPD & Nginx Web Servers?
Use post tags for meta keyword content
In QT, how do i set the background color of a widget like combobox or double spin box
Debugging LINQ to SQL SubmitChanges()
Jquery Ajax loading form on asp.net webform
How do I inject a single property value into a string using spring 2.5.x ?
Access Denied to all SVN Directories
Call Excel Add-In function from Excel workbook VSTO
how to set an alias inside a bash shell playscript
Funny plots in MATLAB
Haskell REST/GDATA API library
Events not firing/or observer not working in magento
How to migrate svn to another repository
Can I use Apache servers for a local network?
In Oracle, is there a function that calculates the difference between two Dates?
how to add a menu into the Safari MenuBar or add a button into it's MainWindow?
Which CSS framework causes the least interference with SharePoint?
stsadm differential backups when directories are renamed?
updating from svn repository yield "could not read chunk size" error
Why doesn't Scala Source close the underlying InputStream?
how does the new keyword in hql work?
How does Qt implements signals and slots?
Performance of Dynamic SQL with Bind vs Normal SQL within Package
Should I upgrade to Intellij Ultimate Edition?
How to use Linq to group every N number of rows
How can I put $HOME/opt/git/bin to my PATH?
Assume that WordPress is an almost-there CMS. What Plugins would you add to the 'core' to make it equal to "Real" CMSes?
Exporting Excel Data into Oracle Table using VB.NET
Invalid property exception in spring.
How can you dynamically load Javascript functions using Ajax?
How do I stop visual studio from automatically inserting asterisk during a block comment?
a connection to parent knob in nodecomments in drupal 6
How to find oracle error codes that could result from a connection error?
a good fashion to send complex objects with ajax?
UUID mismatch detected with the loaded library
Qt auto software version?
meat data vs sqlite3
open directory directory domain name on mac o x
Recurring Profile and Bundled Item
Mouse event is not detected on my NStableview + cocoa
drag & pearl with .ui files
How can I open a file using java stored procedure
Oracle table change monitor
Drupal : adding status field to node
excel vba pastelink run-time mistake 1004: application-defined or object-defined error.
Linq over DataTable  with .Skip() and .Take() method
variable measure columns report
Hibernate lazy loading + Jersey REST = eager loading?
Loading javassist-ed Hibernate entity
subversion merging alteration from a different repository
Pentaho Acegi Security Framework Digest Authentication & Ruby on Rails
meaning itk/vtk into matlab or matlab into vtk/itk environment?
Problem in ajax webpage to navigate on previous page
Problem with Visual Studio 2010 with WIndows 7 RC1
How do I get the representedObject from a view in an NSCollectionViewItem?
How do I access (listen for) the multimedia keys (play/pause) in Mac OS X?
Is there a simple way to combine a text and icon in an NSCell in Cocoa?
how can I add a QMenu and QMenuItems to a window from Qt Designer
in applescript, how can i get to the avail menu search field, like spotlight?
Create an URI for an application
Magento Custom Module database query
writing diligence with scala actors in practice ii
magento - echo property on product page
How to generate a dynamic "in (...)" sql list through Spring JdbcTemplate?
bash: slumber until a specific time/date
Security of scala runtime
how can I search an svn repository for the existance of files in any revision
ASP.net AJAX Control Toolkit will not recognise my specified css classes in the autocomlete extender?
Should I use ImageMagick or GD2 with ImageAPI in drupal?
Proper way to check QOject derived class type in Qt
Portable way to "fork()"  in QT application?
getting run-in from a sql table matching a dictionary using linq
Setting document library permissions in WSS 2.0
bundle product shows price as 0
haskell: nonobvious examples of functional dependency
How do I make a Microsoft Word document â€œread onlyâ€ within a SharePoint document library?
desktopdock or stardoc in Qt
how to maintain separate svn deposit for the same project?
Which is the best Scala IDE?
How can I use Maven to get the latest Hibernate release?
making GIF animation from "movie" command
Oracle - What TNS Names file am I using?
Multiple calls with Simple Modal OSX Style Dialog
Rewrite URL from http://example.com/blog/ to http://blog.example.com/
matlab: office makes 4 recursive calls. i have a 4-core processor. can i parallelize?
haskell. why regalia faster then lists ?
Change Revesion Number in Subversion, even if the File not change in the commit.
Is there an equivalent technique in Cocoa for the synchronous TrackPopupMenu in Windows?
extract substring in belt
Is there an open source Wordpress plug-in to implement Facebook/Twitter/OpenID/... authentication?
What does full LINQ support mean?
Does functional programming mandate new naming conventions?
How do you connect to a MySQL database using Oracle SQL Developer?
assign auto-incrementing value to new editorial in oracle
Mass Update Magento Field to "Use Default Value"
Execute a shell command from a shell script without stoping if error occurs
Stumped and Seeking Input Re: Database Design
Slow performance using anonymous functions in Matlab
Permissions Error Registering Assembly
drawing on desktop in macintosh os x
Cocoa why do I have to retain and release a function parameter?
upgrading drupal 4.7 to 5.2
Magento: Can you set it so all Websites share the same order increment id sequence?
Wordpress: Two different Permalinks for same Blog
hibernate foreign key
simple putstrln in haskell/yampa with pointer syntax
Show warning/error to user without using wp_die
table name troubles with hibernate named interrogation
Wordpress 2.8+ and IE8 display problems?
Compare strings by their written representation - is it possible?
Oracle NUMBER problem: Decimal to Int64 cast
Is there an Oracle SQL tool that builds insert statements from a result set?
Wiring Twitter class of Twitter4j in Spring
NSMutableArray add Object as pointer only?
Questions about Scala from a Rubyist
Using Apache proxy to foward traffic to tinyproxy
Palindromes in Haskell
Filter SQL query by a unique set of column values, regardless of their order
Is there a problem-free way to run Scala unit tests in Eclipse integrated nicely?
Getting error in manage categories - not found for attribute "navigation_column"
How would the conversion of a custom CMS using a text-file-based database to Drupal be tackled?
How to smoothen a plot in MATLAB?
SharePoint List That Pulls From Other Lists
VS Intellisense: can you hide extension methods?
Upload a file to SharePoint through the built-in web services
Creating popup menu in Qt for QTableView
Help me understand the difference between CLOBs and BLOBs in Oracle
Hibernate doesn't notice database updates made from other source
QListView/QListWidget with custom items
How do I save each sheet in an Excel workbook to seperate CSV files with a macro?
Getting Post Information Outside the Wordpress Loop
sharepoint through web client serving (webclnt.dll). createfile fails
What does IAlertNotifyHandler's OnNotification() return value do?
how to ensure that methods called from same thread use the same db session
Drupal Token Examples of Usage
evaluate oracle reflexion
Compiling code on an external drive
How to make spring load JPA classes from multiple paths?
Functionality in .profile (login script) versus distributing to other scripts.
Retrieve value of an xml element in Oracle PL SQL
how do i import an excel spreadsheet into a visual basic diligence
wordpressL How to array the child categories without any html tags?
Why is Qt looking for my slot in the base class instead of derived one?
Common programming mistakes for Scala developers to avoid
Magento add to cart quantity update problem..
spring bean configuration
Trouble with progressbar in QT
How to remove Installation of MySQL on Mac OS X
How to make this if statement in bash
Best general SVN Ignore Pattern?
Cocoa NSDocument: getting autosave to work
Why I can't use .CopyToDataTable in LINQ query?
How do you prevent Hibernate/Oracle from converting strings with only spaces to NULL?
How can I add properties to an object in IE6?
drawing in other processes window on macosx?
How can I estimate the size of an Oracle index?
Using Studio's "Custom Tool" in MSBuild
Summing Duplicates in Excel
Magento - layered nav - display attribute based on previous filter
duplicate prophesier des encrypting in java
implementation/integration of email subscription form for a wordpress idea
Hibernate - query caching/second level cache does not work by value object containing subitems
Haskell string list through lines
How to always remove WWW from a url with mod_rewrite?
merging and manupulating files in matlab
How to run SQLITE in a Windows Mobile Application developed with Qt
How to allow ink in a protected worksheet?
Bash: How to flush output to a file while running
[Matlab] Storing Results of a Operation in a Matrix
How to define the WebPluginMIMETypesFilename in the plist of a safari webplugin project?
What is CHUD Remover? (Came with Xcode on OS X)
how can i get xstream to yield scala lists nicely? can i write a custom converter?
How to do monthly refresh of large DB tables without interrupting user access to them
macports confusion
error handling with spring + servlet spec
Scala compiler error passing null?
QWebView not loading external CSS
Build won't copy System.Drawing to output folder.
what's the best way to remove all .svn directories throughout a directory hierarchy on macintosh os x?
How to determine the version of oc4j being used?
return an oracle ref pointer to a sqlserver t-sql caller
Adding mini-login box in Magento
Is there a tool for monitoring and annotating SVN checkins?
Oracle 10g ODBC: SQLBindParameter(SQL_BIGINT) succeeds, SQLExecute fails, but there are no diagnostic errors
as many threads as process
magento product visibility
When using a LINQ Where clause on a Dictionary, how can I return a dictionary of the same type?
What does `~` means on Haskell Code
Scala vs. Groovy vs. Clojure
Spring - When should I consider loading another context in same JVM?
VS: Automatic "ArgumentNull' check ?
Is there a better way to code this LINQ fragment?
How can I cut(1) camelcase words?
Inserting a custom_field in Wordpress using MySql
Did you try Doloto "AJAX application optimization tool" ? have any comments/concerns about?
Send data to browser
Has anyone run into problems in TortoiseSVN where the 'author' isn't written to the log?
stumped and seeking remark re: database design
hibernate question (not sql) logging
How can you change the Visual Studio IDE profile?
IPhone dev on mac Mini
list searches in syb or uniplate haskell
mount a windows smb share on OS X as so it can be accessed by 'www' user
Using Either to process failures in Scala code
Missing file [Qt]
Custom development with "out of the box" Sharepoint
SharePoint, Anonymous Access in FBA and SPContext issues
What data formats can AJAX transfer?
spring hello domain setup and code in eclipse
Cocoa String Question
ajax and how to best mint with it server side in php
Apache Rewrite and variable
Removing Spring.Cache
weird wrongdoing in my system.log file over and over and over
drupal bootstrap script: how to get list of all nodes of type x?
tomcat startup script permission on mac os x
Learning Sclala.
[ MATLAB ] For loop to extract info from a structure doesnt work ?
Oracle performance using functions in where clause
Creating object named after the value of an NSString - is it possible?
update sql in Oracle conversion from Sql Server
matlab modem.oqpskmod
best way to give editors ability to assign background ikon in drupal 6
Drupal Module Development hook_menu() For Semi Static Pages
Apache getting denied access to a directory on my local server
Spring Faces Error faces:flow-builder-services
hibernate jpa to ddl command argument tools
drupal indexing of uploaded documents (pdf, word, etc)
what is '$$' in the bash shell?
Magento - Sort by Date Added
What tool is my best bet for threaded Haskell debugging today?
cocoa+ unmount removable storage
SVN in-place import and checkout
Drupal views require_once
Save me from my SVN self
Can someone explain what the output of fft means in MATLAB?
QMutex stuck in locked state
Drupal: cck taxonomy field with depth filtering
Sorting a range by the order of another list in Excel
Hibernate lazy initialization help
shell script to add list of domains to apache vhosts
Qt4: QTableView mouse button events not caught
QMenu* << QAction* -- Help Me Write A Global QMenu Insertion Operator
magento: the best way to hook into the checkout appendage
Assign a taxonomy term to a view instance
What is the best view layer for Spring 3 ?
Is it possible to "link" two cells in Excel via some sort of formula?
Manipulating Hibernate 2nd Level Cache
How to get Tomcat Working on WIndows 7?
Appending a vector to an empty matlab matrix
Setting up an ftp server on OSx server edition
Drupal: set id attribute in multi-step form
How do laziness and I/O work together in Haskell?
Only one instance of a ScriptManager can be added to the page.
apache xampp gzip
custom shipping in magento
problem with textbox inside updatepanel - not causing ontextchanged issue
virtual machine player to os x
Wordpress Posting News Items Side By Side, Not Stacked
how do i theme pattern api buttons in drupal?
Beautifying a SWT application on Mac
magento - layout and pulley
opinion content of deleted file svn
"Could not deduce (MArray (STUArray s) Int (ST s)) from context ()" when applying runST
@OneToOne getting returned as ManyToOneType
Using SQLite with QT
Cocoa bindings: custom setter methods?
Accessing user profile variables
Excel VBA: Identify invalid characters in text based cell
LINQ statement where result count is used in expression's condition
custom styles for custom gadget in qt
What is the _root_ package in Scala?
MATLAB Subplot Export
Why library name gets an additional 0 is its name?
vssettings
java execution context family explain
Body Mass Index program in haskell
bash grep newline
Are there any .NET data providers for Oracle that do not require the Oracle Client to be installed?
When to use a lightbox effect?
drupal taxonomy term path to return alias
Closed state of QDockWidgets not restored by restoreDockWidget?
what are annotations in hibernate?
How to include the sqlite3 library "libsqlite3.0.dylib" in my application source file?
making function from symbolic expression
Updating GUI axes in MATLAB
How to write "asInstanceOfOption" in Scala
Magento Installation Problem
qt qtabwidget ikon problem
Why is caching answers taking LONGER in MATLAB?
How to change propertis of DrawingArea in Gtk2Hs
Obj-C object instance not recognized?
Force Full Path in the Connection String of Linq DataContext
Running multiple sites on a LAMP with secure isolation
Accessing a remote file with a SharePoint Web Part
Creating XML for import into Excel, particularly dates
web based application server Implementation
Is it recommended practice to use uniform extent sizes in Oracle tablespaces?
How to get Excel to ignore apostrophe in beginning of cell
importing text files with gossip in matlab
The prefix "security" for element "security:http" is not bound
Joining two tables over a compound index in Hibernate
Object Model Permission
Drupal, or Joomla Form Builder
Does PartialView do what I think it should (but doesn't)?
Dynamic links in Drupal
linq to entities inheritance query problem.
Getting started with Visual Studio 2008 plug-in / add-in development
Theme a CCK input form in Drupal 6
Qt::How small can it be made?
Haskell: How is <*> pronounced?
Transactions in wordpress database
Qt - Keyboard layout
querying list items and using sharepoint www services vs the object framework
Identifying Different Excel File Formats
Print certain tabs
Wordpress Lightbox Gallery by post
magento wishlist sidebar and main opinion only return last 3 added item
Transactional services => BeanNotOfRequiredTypeException, should be Advice, but is TransactionInterceptor
Linq select * with multiple tables
Is SVN 1.5 Merge-tracking ready for prime-time?
how to configure the formatting of file upload in drupal 6
Setting up wildcard domains on local host (OS X 10.5)?
porting matlab function to scilab. how to use symbolic?
Refactoring val to method results in compile-time error
FileNotFoundException with the SPSite constructor. What's the problem?
Hibernate and Oracle native functions
Qt: QGraphicsScene not updating when I would expect it to.
Add (collect) exit codes in bash
accessing the child ui component in a qt ui
in oracle, why do public synonyms become invalid when a table sectionalisation is dropped.
overwriting / overloading a accountant form in magento
wordpress  plug-ins, themes and widgets  tips and tricks
combining diffirent lists data and showing it in a webpart
What rendering API does Qt use on Windows?
Optimizing SELECT Query on Oracle 10 Dense Unique Index
move magento attribute to tab
Before Login Action
Is qt-embedded-linux drawing library fixed point ?
hibernate not throwing exception when opensession is called and the connecter to db cannot be established
how to replace the "disown" with "screen"?
Function fails on the second time i call it.
ORA-28579: network error during callback from external procedure agent
How to automate Matlab/Simulink/Real-TimeWorkshop  code generation?
How can I set up Cocoa style keyboard shortcuts in Mac Terminal.app?
IQueryable efficiency
Wordpress Rewrite Redirect Failure
QByteArray to integer
Creating Visual Studio templates under the "Windows" catagory.
How to keep implementation/maintenance costs low in Pro*C?
Calling @Controller methods once per request
Pretty Print Excel Formulas?
Which GUI element does iCal use for calendar view?
How to get All Credit card Details entered by Customer till now in Magento?
Problem:fetch product URL in a custom Module: Magento
Adding Thumbnail Image on "Related Products" on the Backend of Magento
partial commits with subversion
Bash variable expansion
How to display a message on screen without refreshing like SO does?
how in scala to find unique token in list
How do I set up radio buttons in Excel?
Custom style with Qt
How to access a matrix in a matlab struct's field from a mex function?
Apache/nginx fine grained (per file) permissions?
Setting global_names parameter.
Compilers for shell scripts
how to create opengl 3 setting with qt 4?
Is QHash::contains method case-sensitive or case-incensitive?
How to get more categories listing from Magento in all page
nsmutablearray reckoning always returns zero
How to define a cyclic type definition?
When using cvs2svn how can you rename symbols such that a branch and tag resolve to the same name?
Spring 3.0 and SOAP - What's best practice?
Excel automation. Need to multiple items from a Range
Excel dll for Microsoft.Office.Interop.Excel
Mapping a Natural Key with Hibernate Annotations
Matlab - add a plot to a hist
Hibernate Query with conditions in a complex db structure
Any conversion from scala's XML to w3c DOM?
line of bash code from .configure file
Simple Query of MS SQL 2005 DB from SharePoint, using SSPI authentication?
how to rewrite and set headers at the same clip in apache
getlistitems webservice ignores my interrogation filter
Create block that displays preconfigured-term search results
retrieving names of over-ridden topic hooks in views 2 (drupal 6)
GAE JCache NumberFormatException, will I need to write Java to avoid?
Create a colored bubble/circle programmatically
remove external dependecy from svn repo
find and stock (regex, php)
Drupal module to manipulate every node's body
Magento addFieldToFilter allow NULLs
[SVN] Where did my committed file go?
custom field not show
Best way to copy of move files with Objective-C?
How do I get the MAX row with a GROUP BY in LINQ query
how would you migrate century of ms approach databases to a central service?
scalar subquery in if statement Condition in PL/SQL
Handling exceptions raised during method called via NSObject's performSelectorOnMainThread:withObject:waitUntilDone:
What is the best way to deploy a VB.NET application?
Getting LazyInitializationException when trying to integrate Hibernate and SpringMVC for a web app
MS Excel 2003 - Simple unselect question in Excel VBA when dealing with shapes
ms excel 2003 vba - is there a manner to define a group of shapes/object into a "group"
Jquery like selector in Haskell
Getting matlab timer to update matlab GUIDE gui?
what are the long-term effect of reorganising a subversion repository
creating patches between revisions per file
UINavigationController and autorotation.
Flowcharting functional programming languages
Closures and universal quantification
can i changed for loop index variable inside the loop in Matlab???
Linq to Sql - Set connection string dynamically based on environment variable
Invoking drupal
Oracle lag between commit and select
Can I use a scala class which implements a java interface from Java?
matlab error using m power
Is it possible to export/import product categories in Magento?
Using Oracle ref cursor in Java without Oracle dependency
How to add a method to a Scala Enumeration object?
Best Practice for Spring MVC form-backing object tree initialization
bash script to pack file gens
how to map a one-to-many assembling to a joined subclass when key is in the parent class
how do i suppress the 'returning cached representative of singleton bean' logging message in spring/java?
How to auto-resize qt widget?
Apache Alias problem, Snow Leopard
Limit Ammount Of Widgets In Wordpress
Should I use QCoreApplication::processEvents() or QApplication::processEvents()?
How to get serial number from hard disks? "Mac"
How to run Eclipse 3.4.1 on MacOS 10.5.6?
Excel AutoFill problem
UIWebView slow loading images--disturbs scrolling to anchors
Python OS X 10.5 development environment
preprocess function for cck node types
How can I use mod_rewrite to 301 redirect website.com to www.website.com?
Excel through OleDb shows numbers differently...depending on whether spreadsheet is open!?
How to text proximity to QGraphicsPathItem?
Hibernate not reflecting changes
WordPress make post sticky via script?
Producing CCITT compressed TIFF from CGImage
Best branching stragetgy when doing continuous integration?
Altering the style of an NSSearchField.
What is Scala blogs that you regularly follow?
Extending chart functionality in SSRS
Refering to environment variable in oracle sql files on Linux and Windows
Qt Linking Error.
do you have to have branch, tag and torso booklet for an svn repository?
Ownnership of QState. Do I need to delete all QStates?
How do I rename a SharePoint virtual machine
Number of solutions in a visual studio solution
Problem with Autowiring & No unique bean
Drupal - Automate a Content Form Submission
How to order by time and time only in C#??
Linq to NHibernate vs. ICriteria
Wordpress post by e-mail categorization tagging plugin?
how to back up wordpress site to be restored after a clean initiation
extract look-alike from the content
Oracle Natural Joins and Count(1)
spring batch insert using hibernateTemplate, JdbcTemplate
Issues with maps and their entries in Scala
How to read using "read" from file descriptor 3 in bash script?
Do all browsers support PHP's $_SERVER['HTTP_X_REQUESTED_WITH']?
Using Subversion trunk as DocumenRoot
How to change the theme of Person.aspx in SharePoint My Sites
spring 3.0 - unable to locate bounce namespacehandler for xml schema namespace [http://www.springframework.org/schema/security]
Button in UpdatePanel requires two clicks to fire
Multi-lingual wordpress site?
How to define certain posts as featured posts in WordPress?
libapache2-svn, matching version with Subversion 1.6.1
How do I index through a cocoa NSArray to draw a shape in Quartz composer for every element in the array?
Scala unexpectedly not being able to ascertain type for expanded function
How do you store dependencies of you program, and tests items deployement in your SCC ?
Does Spring MVC form submit data bind children objects automagically?
what do the letter suffixes on svn variant numbers mean?
drupal persistent login, why use?
Drawing on desktop in Mac OS X
ASP.NET JavaScript Callbacks Without Full PostBacks?
Assistance with APACHE www.conf file correctly matching location?
can anybody help me with using wp_print_scripts, wp_enque_scripts, wp_head, wp_register_script
Running vc2008 debug builds on non-dev machines
HSQL Subqueries
is it possible to forward ssh requests that come in over a certain interface to another machine?
Excel: getting the selected rows back
SVN won't commit unversioned files even though they show up with svn status
Unable to understand a line in .bashrc
Subverison and CI build processes
Redirecting StdErr to a Variable in a Bash Script
Subversion - Async development cicle... two trunks?
direction to see assigned visual studio shortcuts with given prefix
Program not supported on this type of mac computer
Wordpress Custom Options In Admin Area
How to get rid of jquery error
What's a good library to manipulate Apache2 config files?
Matlab: how to plot a text in 3D
How much disk space should I reserve for my Subversion repository?
Apache Webserver security and optimization tips
magento createblock method not working, displaying static pulley data
Script puzzle <script src="ajaxpage.php?emp_id=23" /> ?
Dependency in traits inheritance
For loop in Bash Script
Double click document file in Mac OS X to open Java application
Initializing qt resources embedded in static library
smart arrow in qt
Linq to XML - way to write binary Data into XML
magento Baseurl from helper function
strange javascript form behaviour.
Is Hibernate good for batch processing?  What about memory usage?
Fastest way to insert replacement characters in Visual Studio
How do I retrieve external data from MS SQL from a Wordpress Blog?
Getting WP Functions to Return rather than Printing Immediately
hibernate query by example (from bound 3)
active linkup land help wordpress
What would be the best place to start learning AJAX (I have Perl as a backend)
Using fields from a 'lookup-ed' sharepoint list
reflection on a scala type class
excel file with multiple rag from ssrs reports
How can I remove all my changes in my SVN working directory
Does it worth switching from Visual Studio 2005 to Visual Studio 2008 ?
good stand-alone svn client
matlab error: ??? cell subject reference from a non-cell array object.
.net install package sometimes not completely removing previous adaptation
SVN Pre Commit Hooks
How can I access a subversion repository using a local path in Windows?
Install VS 2008 Prof.
Hibernate/Spring application - export to CSV
How do I implement a collection in Scala 2.8?
WordPress Multi Language Help
How can I assign the output of a function to a variable using bash?
Qt context menu breaking selection in QTreeView
get several values from the exploiter in qt
In Subversion can I be a user other than my login name?
Is there anyway to remove Design (and Split) views from Visual Studio 2005/2008?
bash: get list of variables whose name matches a certain pattern
nsview with variable number of token inside
address al-qur'an thread safety and performance
Bulding a LINQ query programatically without local variables tricking me
Automatic conversion of types for FFI calls in Haskell
Converting rgb images to grayscale and renaming them using matlab
How to add a column for example customer group id in Magento's Admin Order Grid
IE6 Table cell alignment problem with ajax
Cocoa core data self referential interface builder question
Implementing a SQL Server 2008 User-defined function in managed code for geocoding
LINQ + lightweight database, which db to choose?
Default row ordering for select query in oracle
Best way to update some fields of a detached object on Hibernate?
Drupal: show sub-menu in a different block as the parent menu
Python Qt: Qprinter not defined
Scala:  binary incompatibility between releases
Reading from a file not line-by-line
Get dimensions for dataset matlab, Size Function
Xcode gcc exit status 1
Nested IF Statements in Excel Formula
How can I connect an oracle data base with a dbml file?
Smooth text animation (Marquee text effect) using QT
Download Drupal Documentation?
Why is in Qt child objects are allocated in Heap?
Need skeleton code to call Excel VBA from PythonWin
Ajax-driven complex layout RIAs and mvc frameworks
How can I convert scala.xml.Elem to something compatible with the javax.xml APIs?
Can Scala allow free Type Parameters in arguments (are Scala Type Parameters first class citizens?)?
SVN branching and merging in a rapidly changing feature environment with a high-turnover
matlab - consider preallocating for speed
Force window to front/focus?
bash history re-runs: possible command to avoid using !bang! ?
how to achieve "not in" by using restrictions and measure in hibernate?
How can I make an NSOutlineView where some of the entires are buttons?
How can I display an error message in matlab?
Porting OpenGL Application to Mac OS: X11, Cocoa, or Another Alternative?
Which is the best php opensource e-commerce for handle 5 million prducts import daily?
looking for info on custom drafting of interface components (cocoa)
Mixing Qt and Boost
Mapping a bidirectional list with Hibernate
Apache Tomcat server on linux
How to reduce memory usage in a Haskell app?
Problem with Oracle Sql Loader control file
How to create a Visual Studio Setup Project registry value with the application install path?
can't create foreign headstone
Excel IQY file - Usage Option question
Scriptaculous autocompleter problem
Scala constructor overload?
Java spring database application won't quit reference to org.enhydra.jdbc.pool.PoolKeeper is still active why?
Using Excel to display the number of occurrences within a date range
Scala doesn't have enums - what to use instead of an enum
Implementing a Code Freeze with Subversion
Where are the clever uses of strict evaluation?
hibernate cascade question
Multiple Oracle Clients
event liquidator for document library
problem in migrating to lamp from xampp.. memory boundary error
excel editorial names
custom page in magento
What Confuses you about Magento Widgets?
.htaccess 301 redirect problem
What is the difference between converting to hex on the client end and using rawtohex?
Why this keyboard intercepting kernel extension doesn't work?
How to map a set of enum type in Hibernate?
menu items become disabled in mac when an "alwaysontop" anatomy is showing
Oracle Differences between NVL and Coalesce
What is the purpose of (Apache) putting inode into an ETag?
spring bean with no id or gens
svn diff a specific line in a file
svn bizarreness day 2: svn listing and svn update report different things
Drupal: How to update display fields after changing the database?
Visual Studio vs. SQL Server Management Studio - Your Pick
Why is Apache's RewriteRule revealing local paths?
What is the best way to limit a modules functionality by store or website
list all leaf subdirectory in linux
Magento - create a fixed module
Magento - Have different set of fields and labels for cart and checkout (order review) screens
Can you add custom T4 Templates to the VS2008 "Add New Item" dialog?
Visual Studio: Is there an incremental search for the entire solution?
How are lists implemented in Haskell (GHC)?
Magento - how to include javascript file on a page by page basis
Explain Plan Cost vs Execution Time
mistake 1325.â€žsharepointdataâ€ is not a valid short file name during sharepoint uninstalling
Search result was due to field in Hibernate Search
how to make apache rewrite this url ?
drupal custom node chassis
ajax javascripts not working correctly with .htaccess mod_rewrite
how do i add detail in primary contact automatically as soon as some user publish new content.
Wordpress: list authors
Retrieving HTTP status code from loaded iframe with Javascript
what is the reason for nsfilemanager's inconsistent usance of nsurl?
Acessing other webapps while one is in document root
matlab - How to find the image of the line at infinity corresponding to a plane?
Using SVNSERVE to host Subversion server, configuration files, etc.
AJAX readystate breaking, AJAX not processing data fast enough?
Bash: Subprocess access variables
Hibernate: mapping 3 tables
Combining multiple SVN repositories into one
Scala can't multiply java Doubles?
Is there some way to commit a file "partially" in TortoiseSVN?
Oracle connections in Spring
what is the difference between ajax and jquery and which one is better ?
Problems Reading a .xlsx file?
What ORMs work well with Scala?
spring ingredient scan for classes
For our next project I would like to get into some AJAX to improve the user interface.  Guidelines and advice?
Ajax  Logging on any site
First column of a matrix given as a list of rows in Haskell
tinyMCE & wordpress giving odd characters... tried combination of solutions...
Will memcache help with expensive MySQL queries? (Drupal site)
Adjusting Wordpress Function to display Parent Category
Updates to Wordpress theme template/stylesheet are not reflected when a file is edited
How to get the reference to a model object instance in Magento
How can I disable Theme Info module in Drupal when it takes up too much memory to access the admin>>modules page?
How to change Visual Studio Auto Format
Is it safe to put database file in htdocs?
How to build qt out of source
Types in Haskell
Adding HTML to Drupal closure?
How to Search a value in an Excel from .net application?
Total Number of Stories on the website
Wordpress Term exist not having desired effect
seer ordimage processing in pl/sql: getting img-00710 and ora-01031
Gray NSTableView Ã  la iTunes
Configure Drupal to force login for specific hostname or protocol (HTTP vs HTTPS)
How can I find last row that contains data in the excel sheet with a macro?
Tuple parameter declaration and assignment oddity
How to compare files with same names in two different directories using a shell script
access and display wordpress posts from out of wordpress.
lift snippet help
Dynamically changing dropdown in excel.
drupal how  to pass parameters from panels to views
drupal idea functions workflow in module
balk if a value is in a aggregation with link
is cabal-install supposed to act this way?
Ajax - loadable php-script
run bash handwriting as source without root command
Bash script plugin for Eclipse?
Good Haskell coding standards
LINQ - Add property to results
Efficiency of equality in Haskell
truncate strings in excel - is there a function to remove last office of string after separator
What is [] (list constructor) *really* in Haskell?
What is the syntax for creating a timestamp(6) type field in Oracle
SVN problem: What is the latest revision that still contained this code snipped?
Disable Apache 503 response when Tomcat is down
Mapping over sublists in scala
excel vba usage function with sumif-like criteria functionality
Thousands of instances of index.php opening at the same time
PHP session timeout callback?
A command line that yields the complete URL of a file inside the svn repository?
jquery form plugin & programmatic submit
Apache: I want to enable SSI. Can anyone furnish an example config file?
Resources Of Macintosh Development
LINQ-to-SQL and mass-changes submit very slow
Excel VBA - Insert a Row to a Specific Set of Columns
Help functors sink in.
total figure of stories on the website
What is the purpose of zones in sharepoint? (web application zones or authentication zones or how do they call it)
How can I convert a color image to grayscale in Matlab?
Which naming conventions do you use for SVN Branches and Tags?
2 diiferent layouts of the same content type in drupal 6
Who has bought the autocompletion for linqpad?
wordpress category id five eval issue
How to I change the main menu in Cocoa?
How do I do automatic data serialization of data objects in Haskell
Is it possible to run q Qt Symbian application in the background and interact with the homescreen?
removing files starting with --
Check for a subversion update
Type-conditional controls in Haskell
Graph/tree representation and recursion.
Matlab and MrVista
question about leaping transaction propagation
how to check mod_deflate is enabled in apache?
Excel validation range limits
Magentoâ€”Problem overriding Adminhtml block
Why does Visual Studio take so long to delete a file
how do you add an index field to linq solvent
Excel Interop: Range.FormatConditions.Add throws MissingMethodException
mixing regular expression and other conditional expression in a bash if argument
asigning specific menu disposal rights for role in drupal
WordPress 404 Errors
how will adding datasources to datdgrids in my development version of an asp.net www diligence affect deployment?
How to genrate Pivot table in ExcelSheet Programitically
Display a menu with categories, sub-categories and products - Magento
why does so display sv translation and what are the advantages?
How can I create a typed Tuple2 from Java / Spring?
spiritedness with full alpha in qt 4.4?
how do I integrate a branch into a trunk if the folder structure has changed?
Customized Sharepoint List Add/Edit page is slow to load
Javascript function doesn't get called - ASP.NET and UpdatePanel
Making WP Templates
How do I place the blog portion of wordpress in a subdirectory, while keeping Pages at the root?
Using a Hibernate MapKey that's not unique within a table
comparing modem.oqpsk probability error and ber
c++/cli: linker gives "resolved token" for win32 part
changeing scaling of matlab chassis
Spring Datasource and Database Schema
How can I perform a nested Join, Add, and Group in LINQ?
[self release], [self dealloc] or [super dealloc] in init methods?
How to create a binding for NSApp.dockTile's
IllegalArgumentException: argument type mismatch in Hibernate
Wordpress Mobile Version
Excel DateAdd not working properly ?
multi pedigree text box in sharepoint web role
What does single appostrophe mean in Scala?
resolving sub-domain in apache
Un-Recognized Selector Sent to Instance Error.
AJAX (prototype/java) getting partial status updates during execution
How can I use SimpleFormController with Validator with Spring 3?
mixing static libraries of c code built from different versions of visual studio 2002 and later
Possible to save a node using a multi-step form?
bus error in simple mackintosh osx c program
Using items in a list as arguments
How to maintain LINQ deferred execution?
Oracle triggers error are not captured while using ADODB
what event fires if excel vba codification execution is prematurely ended?
what is the easiest way to create a overview 'outline' of the most important sections of an app in vs 2005 (vb.net) ?
Is my IQueryable syntax correct?
How do you detect if there is an index for a specific column on a table in Oracle?
Am I understanding Drupal regions and views correctly?
oracle deadlock when hibernate application loading data for readonly usage
Magento API create shipment
Is there a book about using the MOSS API from an external .NET web application?
Excel: How to do DRY formatting?
Getting a Signature Mismatch Error when Compiling Even though it Matches in VS.NET 2005
What setup do you use for SharePoint (WSS/MOSS) development?
Matlab: Return Unique Element with a Tolerance
Add Custom Tag to Visual Studio Validation
Apache: Deploying a new site to the server
How do you change the look of a check box?
How do I tell VS 2008 to stop putting byte-order marks in front of my files?
Apache Rewrite does not redirect
Oracle setting per user default scheme (not altering a session)
why the observer in nsnotification called twise.... ?
Packages in MatLab for a beginner?
Change the customer password field Magento
how do i reuse a instruction in bash with different parameters?
Import to the same Subversion repository directory multiple times?
Is it possible to destroy loaded JavaScript, including function & local variable?
bash command to repeatidly emulate keypress on a proceess
how to branch code to another responsibility for SVN?
spring web dependance injection(ioc) and the servletcontextlistener
Notification of WebView's selection change
In Excel how to create multiple rows from a single data row
How to create a hibernate idbag with a collection-id that has a default value?
Parsing XML in Cocoa
store custom properties in aplicationcontext.xml bounce file
How make custome post template in Thesis theme
chocolate memory editing inspection
"SELECT ... FOR UPDATE" not working for Hibernate and MySQL
Multiple magento stores on single domain.
Why is Haskell throwing a 'cannot construct infinite type' error?
Retrieving an image from database with Linq to SQL
How to programatically use Spring's JdbcTemplate?
Manage VSS to SVN migration
What's the best resource to learn how to write apps for Mac OS X?
Do I have to use InfoPath forms for every task within a SharePoint workflow?
webpart in a beginning site includes a listview which tries to show the content of subsite lists
Displaying multiple icons in a single cell of a QTableView
How to show long numbers in excell ?
When is image within the updateprogress control sent to client in asp.net ???
Scala difference between object and class
what is the way to check whether excel cellphone is locked or not?
Team Foundation Server - Use API to Sync to SVN
How to insert an "Optimizer hint" to Hibernate criteria api query
Wordpress: How to get a thumbnail post plugin to work...
What is the most compact or efficient way of doing several subsitutions in a file in bash
What can cause an intermitent ORA-12560: TNS:protocol adapter error?
two server apparatus for online store(magento)
Mac Excel 2008: Macros?
How to get error text in controller from BindingResult
Differing Apache Solr results when doing queries through Drupal â€“ why?
Wait for getJSON response
Drupal: Creating anchor only link with l()
Haskell Binary Tree Function (map)
Is there any way to perform pre-/post-switch commands using TortoiseSVN?
sharepoint - connector string dialog box during featureactivated event
compute child table values in formula field of hiberntate
macintosh os replace ';' with new contrast on text file
What is the proper way to wrap this php loop around the javascript
@Autowired and TransactionProxyFactoryBean?
How come the edit post page takes so long to load?
getting information from a qtreewidgetitem inherited class
AJAX & Firefox ?
Using Magento 1.4's WYSIWYG editor on custom admin pages
How do you define a local var/val in the primary constructor in Scala?
What does the subversion error "Could not read status line" mean?
Profiling Objective-C binary image size
How to import images into magento using an absolute path?
Drupal: listing content types with content count
concatenating a list of figure into one integer in haskell
LINQ Design and Prototyping
getting kuler stem with ajax
Using nntool [MATLAB] from command line.
ASP.Net ScriptControl - Call one method from another
Excel: the Incredible Shrinking and Expanding Controls
What would be the best way to use python's functions from excel ?
How to test if a given path is a mount point
How do I keep WordPress from formatting out leading spaces?
Svn Repo Syncing
Is a variable in javascript available after loading an iframe and then going back to the page?
Easy way to create a form to email in SharePoint without using infopath.
Rearranging project after SVN checkout
How does Sharepoint+RtWebParts handle timezones?
How to additionaly filter list of published nodes in Drupal 6
CFStringRef to NSString
Excel cannot  enable references / missing functions
Does LINQ use DataRelations to optimize joins?
How do I turn on line numbers by default in TextWrangler on the Mac?
Qt QTableView and horizontalHeader()->restoreState()
Visual Studio solutions, do you nest them?
How can I find the value of a blury image Matlab question
Persisting using hibernate/JPA
In Oracle Spatial (SDO), is there a way to get the centroid point of a polygon that is contained by the surface of the polygon?
Is there any way to throttle the network bandwidth that an svn checkout does?
How to bind IP address to a Spring 3 @ModelAttribute?
Initialize NSMutableArray: [NSMutableArray array];
Why does my QT4.5 app open a console window under Windows?
How would wordpress data model a one to many relationship?
Hibernate L2 Cache on cluster
QT QImage pixel manipulation problems
how to fiat by time and time only in c#??
How do dynamically set group by properties and aggregates in a LINQ query?
Asp.net Ajax , Hangs Somtimes
Magento Fatal Error: Call to member function getSku() on a non-object
What are your favorite programming-related academic papers?
Recover empty SVN DB file
Running code in MatLab/Mathematica only after having written it all
Calling a python function from bash script
apache mod-rewrite pamphlet overwrite
Is there a foreach in Matlab?  If so, how does it behave if the underlying data changes?
Changeing scaling of Matlab Figure
How to create non-blocking methonds in Scala?
Qt: Writing plugins for other applications
How to close a file descriptor from another process in unix systems
Excel error HRESULT: 0x800A03EC while trying to get range with cell's name
What are patches used for in SVN?
Excel 2003 data input and transfer it to another field which scrolls upwards to keep the last input and previous inputs
Excel VBA - Stop running program that was started by Shell?
Alternate posts in wordpress
Magento template question
os x thingumabob issue with control region and flash
Accordion control gets 'extended' when we switch to designer
Any feeback on the lib Ajax-Cross-Domain and the Jquery patch  ?
Haskell funtion does not terminate
Connecting multiple signals to a single slot in Qt
linqtosql, timespan, aggregates ... can it be done?
How well does Scala Perform Comapred to Java?
how to do background computing in Spring 3.0?
what does the output mean?
prophet temporary tablespace
wordpress, apache redirection question
How could predicate pushing on an inline view slow down a query?
Program to find the result of primitive recursive functions
Calculate difference between 2 date / times in Oracle SQL
Linq - Row not found or changed
go to path and then tar?
What is the BEST way to pull data out of the hibernate layer and into another tier?
switch mod rewritten URL
HQL Problem
What are the best steps to improve magento performance?
Unable to commit to Subversion
what's the difference between get_posts and the_content?
Excel: Set background colour of cell to rgb value of data in cell.
How can I create and develop new database projects in Visual Studio?
Programatically create web application & sub site
LINQ Except using custom Comparer.
Are LinQ Queries above different LinQ providers possible?
Drupal views: selecting nodes with no children matching a condition
Cannot integrate custom widgets dll into Qt designer
How can Android connect to Drupal service?
Can you configure VS2008 Code Analysis to use a British English Dictionary?
To find points of intersection between straight lines & our figure in matlab
what's the accepted agency to implement export functionality in a document-based cocoa app?
magento installation problems
does ssl also encypt ajax posts?
does spring provide 2 mvc platforms, grails and spring mvc?
Linq: IsNot in Object collection
How can you overcome the svn 'out of date' error?
Qt Icon embedded in Executeable
How to direct to a custom error page?
Haskell caching results of a function
qt application: simulating modal demeanour (enable/disable user input)
Implicit conversion from String to Int in scala 2.8
password recovery for drupal
How to use a function-based index on a column that contains NULLs in Oracle 10+?
drupal: customize blog berth "submission" area?
Hibernate logging with log4j
How do I get each line from an NSString?
LINQ to SQL bug (or very strange feature) when using IQueryable, foreach, and multiple Where
HTML Form/Database query
Restrict certain URLs to a single thread
Setting the variables of Solve in MATLAB
Visual Studio - New Filter instead of New Folder when using Create Project From Existing Source Wizard
apache rewrite htaccess
Why use Hibernate/nHibernate?
Haskell or Standard ML for beginners?
Getting the tags for a post in a Wordpress plugin
Scala: Is there a way to use PriorityQueue like I would in Java?
Why does the "choose files" button not work in Wordpress 2.5 when trying to upload photos?
LINQ Tracking New / Dirty Objects
Utilizing Sharepoint workflow functionality
define name query in orm.xml with jpa and hibernate
request a resource with percent mark in path
Linq2XML, Why isn't Element(), Elements() working?
depp copy of 2D array in scala?
Magento; include price attributes in (product) subtotal
SVN optimizations to keep large repositories responsive
query about apache (httpd) dumpio log entry for the request consistency which is coming null on tomcat side
required fields in part point data collection not throwing errors
Magento admin extension fails to show in live server menu bar
how to terminate script's summons tree in cygwin bash from bash script
render paradigm in custom webpart from picture library
How to make a random number generator in matlab that is based on percentages?
SharePoint and Office Open XML interaction question
Mapping widget for Qt
Subversion sub-repository
Console in Mac OpenGL application
Why shouldn't I use a cursor rect on a rotated NSView subclass?
Why and when do I need to follow a method name with _?
How to structure Haskell code for IO?
SSRS - Uninstall Trial Version of VS Business Intelligence
PropertyPlaceholderConfigurer vs Filters -- Spring Beans
Why is Matlab's inv slow and inaccurate ?
Spring Web Flow
.TXT FILES IN MATLAB
Ajax Calendar always visible
Tracking permissions in SharePoint
Creating CGImageContext for resizing UIImage fails in simulator
Resizing panels in GUIs without changing size of the contents (MATLAB)
Setting classpath for a Java stored procedure in Oracle
Unable to build 32-bit Qt Mysql plugin with MinGw
SharePoint List Scalability
How to use Subversion for non-compiled language?
Excel Combining Multiple Rows
Magento DataFlow Integration and Module Development Resources?
How to match rigid types in a type class instance?
Subversion Merge between multiple working copies?
Apache Config - Exclude Subdirectories
add-in for visual studio - how to access solution ie
What is the best way to merge a feature branch into the mainline in Subversion?
Calculating hdiutil's compression ratio
double click document file in mac os decade to open java application
Calling Javascript function returned from AJAX Response
How do I determine which service pack Visual Studio is running?
Excel POI 3.5 WorkBook Java Heap Space Exception ?
springiness 3 and a custom object wrapper for freemarker
Will upgrading Office from 2003 to 2007 break VB programs which use Excel through the COM interop?
Search All Fields In All Tables For A Specific Value (Oracle)
Oracle: Program not forking correctly in SELECT CASE statement on a date
suppress start message of Matlab
Can I generate values for a custom parameter such as a timstamp for a Visual Studio Item Template?
Call an haskell function in .net
UITextField changing font size via Interface Builder
ideas to display and edit source code in an AJAX application
devide two polinomials by using matlab
Performance of Remote Materialized views in Oracle
How can I make my NSScroller subclass have a different width?
Whatâ€™s the difference between ScalaTest and Scala Specs unit test frameworks?
How do you clear your Visual Studio Cache on Windows Vista
Can I get specific metadata from a Func<T, object>?
looking to start sharepoint alert after a battleground change in infopath form
inputbox and menubox simultaneously
Optimizing a LINQ query.
APACHE-TOMCAT can anybody elaborate which one is web-server and web-container?
Oracle: Pattern for to_char(number) to add additional ascii characters?
spring: no transaction director has been configured
How do I use custom roles/authorities in Spring Security?
Is parentViewController always a Navigation controller?
Spring custom error message
Could Someone point be to a good summary of haskell code convention
How to parse a binary file using Javascript and Ajax
NSXMLParser and error constants
magento degree of sale integration
Getting duplicate entry errors from Hibernate, is MySQL to blame?
AnkhSVN vs VisualSVN
How to automatically  sort SPListItems based on a field
Should Qt target the HyperSpace?
how to let the exploiter switch speech in playframework 2
How do I use tr to substitute '--' string
How can I implement a "natural" sort?
excel pattern or vba to extract data based on another cell's data
Obtaining an object state
Accessing values using subscripts without using sub2ind
j.mp integration into Wordpress?
How do you structure your SVN repository?
How to use Oracle jdbc driver fixedString property?
Magento _prepareLayout() called 5 times to many
Why would clicking "View All Site Content" generate an error?
How do websites generally log users out automatically when session expires?
Problem with large solutions and service factory
adding a rule that chit if the user's role has changed?
How to restart transactions  on deadlock/lock-timeout in Spring?
Create NSString by repeating another string a given number of times
Display a node references' field as a table and not as a list in Drupal
Using an element against an entire list in Haskell
What do the letter codes in Oracle user_contraints table's constraint_type column stand for?
WordPress: don't show 404 when no posts exist
indexing data in Hibernate Search
How to emulate 'cp --update' behavior on Mac OS X?
Redirect certain requests if referer not from same page?
Scala covariance / contravariance question
Using alternative comparison in HashSet
Magento & Google Checkout & Track Conversions
Is it possible in matlab to explicitly format the output numbers ?
Is it a missing implementation with JPA implementation of hibernate??
view is not rendered when returning ModelAndView
what is the best agency to perform timestamp comparison in bash
how to write return Haskell
Practical use of futures? Ie, how to kill them?
Hibernate mapping
Insert Command into Bash Shell
Navigation Controller strategy with an Address Book picker
drupal customs menu styling
New project or bransh?
BASH: Merging multiple files given different file name prefixes in an array
Source install Apache 2.2.13 + PHP 5.3 + Snow Leopard
Getting plain HTML/CSS versions of Wordpress themes, no PHP?
displaying all attributes on the simple product table of a grouped production - magento
Beanstalk like Functionality
linq help - newbie
ajax asking with prototype - what is transport if not only responsetext?
Excel to MySQL export  - every week updates and constraint problems
Embed hibernate hbm.xml mappings in jar
slow performance using anonymous affair in matlab
OSX Security Framework NameAndPassword sample application
Capitalize / Capitalise first letter of every word in a string in Matlab?
How to install wordpress on MS SQL
Wordpress Database Output - Remove SQL Injection Escapes
What describes the "File's Owner" best in objective-c / coca Nib?
What causes a Spring 1.2 NullPointerException when creating prepared statement?
when using leap security, what is the proper way to obtain current username (i.e. securitycontext) information in a bean?
How to redirect wordpress post links that are using post_id to new url struture of postname
Use Class Variables As Constants In Scala
Subdomain read domain session
How to Inject Spring  ReloadableResourceBundleMessageSource
Haskell Parsec compile error
On Mac OS X 10.5 what determines PATH value before /etc/profile?
Limiting a script from sending alerts
scalaz: request for function case
Is there really a 50 variation label limit in SharePoint?
Setting a charset symbol in dylib
Creating a web app, then adding AJAX to it?
Trying to improve efficiency of array formula
Sharepoint: What happens to lists based on content type when content type is updated?
How can I make Cabal search for external programs?
Hyperlink to an Excel Cell
Wordpress posts not styling
print a string in matlab in vividness
Qt splitter disable
Spring AOP Pointcut syntax for AND, OR and NOT
Add property to LINQ that is combination of multiple tables?
what is tab #13119 on my vs 2008 toolbox?
why doesn't intellisense show the appropriate method according to what i am passing in?
Carbon development on intel based mac
how to write figure in lambda using ghci
How can I use the 'NVL' function on a result table?
SQL to search objects, including stored procedures, in Oracle.
Can't upload images with Magento 1.4 on Windows/IIS
Spring MVC tag interaction with custom tag
NSTableView sort not getting correct ID
Generating Scala code trees from a Scala compiler plugin
Migration of Wordpress sites to a local WAMPserver, now the pages cannot be found
Magento: Adding a custom EAV attribute that autopopulates with its default value on entity creation.
Is it possible to cache a whole website including start html page and startup with no internet connection?
How to calculate Future Value (FV) using JavaScript
LINQ Newbie: Moving Nodes
magento 1.3.1 undefined alert error in checkout only for credit card but not for paypal
Why can't Visual Studio run on more than one core?  CPU at 25%
How can I add an onmouseover event to all drupal forms?
Matlab command to access the last line of each file?
How to insert programmatically a new line in an Excel cell in C#?
Add elements to an an announcements list for a specific user
How to curry a function in Scala
Adding Block in existing module of magento
Messy bash variable
Haskell - interpreting a number
Logging dynamically served files in APACHE
Sort ArrayBuffer[A] in scala?
Excel VBA macro to track changes in separate sheet
How to specify monospace fonts for cross platform Qt applications ?
changing the inheritance strategy in branches of the year hierarchy via jpa annotations
What would this sql query (w count and group by) look like when translated to linq?
Is there a way to optimise this program in Haskell?
Performance issue with QGraphicsScene::createItemGroup
ajax  html vs xml/json responses - perfomance or other reasons
how to wrap a commad occupation executable in a .app package?
JPA/Hibernate: Can I have a Parent without annotations and a Child with
hibernate property formula how 2 get more than 1 row?
magento extension "remeber me" not working
Sound Generation
Qt's pragma directives
Wordpress fantastico problem
How do I get the highest currently used ID number in a table with LINQ?
Call stack in compiled matlab
Copy method fail due to memory
PHP print() Arabic string.
Cross-user and cross-process shared settings
modify Magento's default Account dashboard
Hibernate, C3P0, Mysql -- Broken Pipe
Sharepoint - Fields appears twice on View / New Item
QTabBar vs QTabWidget
how to show inactive job tabs in drupal
Linq To SQL caching VS multi-user application.
prophet single-table constant merge with clob using jdbc
Can't seem to use bash -c option with arguments after the -c option string
Drupal shared tables, but from another database
finding forefinger of element in a list in haskell
Recommendation on Tools to migrate from Clearcase to SVN?
VB.NET equivalent of optional Range argument in VBA function
my linq-query doesn't oeuvre when adding the xmlns-attribute to the root-element in my xml-document
Oracle unique constraint with where clause
Ajax dropdown limit to list
How to remove Excel VBA code modules when spreadsheet opened/closed
passing information from a Drupal Forms API validation function to a submit function
How do I use qmake to build multiple binaries in a single project?
DefaultMessageListenerContainer not working with Websphere MQ
How to get Excel Integration in TFS to remember formatting?
How to check if a post belongs to a category in Wordpress
Getting Spring Application context from a non bean object without using Singleton
Is there a tool for managing redundant pages across a website?
generified commons collection
does leaping form taglib disabled attribute really have to resolve to a string?
drupal :how to pass current userid as argument
Oracle all foreign key references
You do not have sufficient permissions to access this page.
how to trunc a date to seconds in prophesier
What's the real advantage of using ScriptManager.RegisterClientScriptResource?
Change widget's CSS class names for different category pages in WordPress
Scala list recursion performance
What are your favorite, but less obvious, Visual Studio 2008 tips and tricks?
How to Configure SSL over Database in Spring?
how do i find a subset of items in two sets of datum that partially differ?
Guarded Equations in Haskell
How to set an expected exception using Scala and JUnit 4
Do I need to buy Visual Studio Professional?
Fastest wat to sort files
How do I compile mod_dontdothat on Windows
Wordpress not working when using Apache virtual hosts
find first element of certain type in a list uisng LINQ
QtWebkit synchronous loading
Listing the files and revisions with a certain check-in message in Subversion
How would I yield an immutable.Map in Scala?
Why does this take so long to compile in VCC 2003?
Drawing a line in Visual Studio .net at design time
Handling metacharacters in search strings
what is the sizing limit for a varchar2 procedure argument in oracle 10g ?
Quartz JobStore with Spring Framework
What is the most concise way to find the existence of a node using LINQ to XML?
Location of view.properties in my proyect spring mvc jasperreports
hibernate subclass one to one mapping
Haskell: type inference and function composition
how do i fix the height of my thought after collapsing nssplitview?
Hibernate Computed Criteria Order
Why would Visual Studio/CLR produce a "bad" executable?
Ajax books and tutorial
Putting together a big stiffness matrix from several small ones
Why bash ignore newlines when doing for loop over the contents of a C-style string?
Anonymous comments not saved in Drupal
jdbctemplate bent on long update
Qt's moc causing "undefined reference to:" error
Communication between a webpage and Excel?
Spring.NET Expression that References an Object Definition
How add WordPress links/bookmarks programatically?
Linux sockets communicating with QTcpSockets in Qt 4
Common idiom in Java to Scala, traverse/Iterate Java list into Scala list
What's a good directory structure for large C#/C++ solutions?
Why Can't I Include A Blog?
Displaying custom product attributes based on customer group (Magento)
prophesier database allows invalid time share of datetime column values under what circumstances?
AJAX polling of a URL returning JSON doesn't seem to return fresh responses (using jQuery $.ajax() method)
Vertical line after a certain amount characters in Visual Studio
Best method for importing configurable products into Magento
Cocoa Bad Habits
Using Scala as a scripting language from Eclipse
how do i format my oracle queries so the tower don't wrap?
paste to codepad.org using knock or curl
Converting Java collection into Scala collection
How to posting to WordPress using C# ?
Update {node_counter} table programatically in drupal
Changing multiple .fig files in Matlab systematically
Background Image in an Image Map
Wordpress Php file Load
NSApplication delegate and Preference Panes
When Ajax should be used and when it should not?
accessing web serving via ajax?
fastest way to count number of uppercase quality in c#
MVC architecture for front-end
Panel Template Reuse in Drupal
Drupal join on taxonomy terms
Accessing Excel Custom Document Properties programatically
LazyInitializationException with session scoped bean
Any UML-like modeling tool for QT signals and slots?
How do I read the windows registry (Default) value using QSettings?
Diagnostic output of the Oracle Query Optimizer
Pushing from subversion to web server
Moss 2007 SSP Error "Search application '{0}' is not ready."
Mac OS X Debug Error
What is the difference between a hash join and a merge join (Oracle RDMBS )?
Apache modrewrite htaccess problem
CodeIgniter Backend Frontend .htaccess router
How to convert project files?
Add a file to subversion with special characters like '%' in the filename.
Oracle 10g - UTL_MAIL package
TransactionTimeout with Oracle 11g
wordpress gallery liaison
command substitution but without breaking output into multiple arguments
how to list reservoir versions using subversion
Performing operations on (specifically how to add a List of) Long in Scala
Hibernate collection handling  basics
Creating drupal pages (nodes) automatically from other (xml) content
Are these lines an error or info in Apache's error log?
How does Drupal compare to SharePoint
fountain + ribbon safe singletons
retrive the text in a specific cell in a QTableWidget?
How to Add this functionality to Qt 4.6 embedded linux QWS ( Qt Windowing System) ?
keep track of the plan variables in haskell like imperative programs
Hibernate QueryException couldn't resolve property
Search Center on SharePoint Publishing site
Providing a common interface to SVN and CVS
Is there any way to change the index of menu items in a SharePoint menu?
Dynamically add fields to Matlab GUI?
bit.ly links in wordpress twitter status updates leads to 404
Why does scala immutable HashMap methods return a Map?
Wordpress : display all articles of a month on one page
Type Inference on Method Return Type
Speed test Linq2SQL v Entiry Framework
WordPress: Useful plugins for building a user manual?
how can i find out what a bidding is executing in terminal on macos
Differences Between Hugs, Yhc and GHCi
mod_rewrite: setting GET depending on HTTP_HOST
Matlab. Heart filter
corruption question: how can i use post-commit hooks to copy committed files to a web directory?
Shell scripting. Command substitution issue in my script.
MacBook vs MacBook Pro for .NET development and other stuff
Getting error when submitting form using SpringMVC and REST
Excel UDF formula does not appear.
display percentage or measure of discount for catalog price rule in magento
using @table with outline name in hibernate 3.3.1ga and hsqldb
Drupal 5 Search not working on 404 pages.
snag string in linq select statement
Apache not using mod_rewrite.c
Reloving AliasRecord with relative path on a new volume
O(1) conversion from mutable.Map to immutable.Map?
How to protect cells in Excel but allow these to be modified by VBA script
.HTACCESS File causing Internal Server Error
Custom URL aliases in Drupal 6
generified commons assembling
matlab: evaluate symbol reflection
AJAX constantly look for server update? Javascript
Why use AsQueryable() instead of List()
Visual Studio - tips for managing work on many open files
leap 3.0 making json response using jackson message converter
What is the best way to make a QTableView's cells have up and down button pushed states in Qt?
Best way to track and enforce peer reviews before commit
Do LINQ queries have a lot of overhead?
What in the best exel book for non-programmers?
Annotation-based and xml-based transaction definitions precedence
How to make a file extension downloadable?
Why does Haskell give me a type error if I hardcode a return value?
Stress testing a server and VPS's vs. Dedicated servers
How to Implement Ajax to display some content in php?
magento -search not working properly
Matlab symbolic toolbox: What's wrong with my code?
Implementing Audit Trail- Spring AOP vs.Hibernate Interceptor vs DB Trigger
how do I paste text to a line by line text filter like awk, without having stdin echo to the screen?
method @Secured suppose to throw error when no user authenticated yet
Restrict Apache to only allow access using SSL for some directories
moving ms excel information to a website via a web service.
comments champaign in sharepoint issue tracking tilt
oracle - how to multiple statements with .NET
How do I override NSError presentation when bindings is involved?
Mapping an Oracle Date to a Java object using Hibernate
Drupal CCK: how to output a node teaser with its fields?
Is it better to use the State Monad, or to pass state recursively?
SVN pre-commit hook for avoiding changes to tags subdirectories
Visual Studio warning level meanings?
how to use spring to inject an object in a setter that doesnt follow the java noodle specification ?
Good beginners material/advice on Drupal
Import Qt resources when are main.cpp and GUI classes in dependend static lib project,
Set default values for a global variable in a custom class?
Experience compiling and building Qt
ajax architecture doubtfulness
Best practice for detecting AJAX/XmlHttpRequestSupport
ajax call through calif.
fatal error Varien_Autoload not found
How to tackle Scala source incompatibilities in 2.8.0?
How to specify connection release modes in Hibernate?
How Do I Detect A WordPress Admin Panel in my Plugin?
Pattern matching data types in Haskell.  Short cuts?
How do i create a Hibernate Criteria to order by some properties of collection
Magento 1.4 - Display All Products
i'm learning haskell and have an exercise, that i get strange resaults, when trying to solve it
Subversion Tagging and Security
VS2005: Assembly '<assembly>' is incorrectly specified as a file.
int v integer in class instance
error :php extension curl must be loaded
What are the disadvantages of auto generating the clases in Hibernate
Drupal site front page
Problem in migrating to LAMP from XAMPP.. Memory limit error
solaris echo " [ " character problem
Bash: Sleep until a specific time/date
Best Way to Synchronize Multiple Excel Files to MS Access Table
What is the Bash command to create a hardlink to a directory in OS X?
Is QT Jambi dead?
WordPress Custom Theme Favicon in Dashboard Menu
drupal session help needed...
order detail with sql query in magento?
What changes do I need to make Magento work with PHP 5.3?
delete hibernate entity without (attempting to) delete association table (view) entry
sharepoint - deploy web serve without creating a virtual directory
MOSS 2007: BDC permisson problem - no BDC application is listed in the web part's configuration menu
Are their naming conventions for ASP.NET web application directory structures?
Excel Word Wrap Problem after Macro
AJAX Beginner Security, how to secure server side files
Using jQuery in a Wordpress post
Using polyfit to predict where the object falls ?
magento custom link and insertion of form data
Qt: set a default cursor for an application
calculate array element persistence algorithm
How to change the title bar text of Visual Studio
Magento Debugging Environment
+=/*=/etc operators on AnyVal types (Int,Double,etc...) in Scala
Finding per-process bandwidth usage on the mac?
QT Database Interface... best place to get started?
Trouble installing/compiling lua on macosx
SharePoint Permissions - Repeated Login Boxes
Storing MATLAB structs in Java objects
Linq Update Problem
how to handle PermGen space exception in Apache
Porting MATLAB 7 files back to 6.1
prophet correlated subquery in from list
Real-time data in Matlab
How to construct a hibernate query that uses a single element of all elements in a collection?
How to make Subversion (or any program) perform periodic commits?
Parse error of nested tuples in scala
What causes "Error C stack overflow" in haskell usually
Elevating rights to use mach_inject
WordPress front page (homepage) fails to redirect when static front page is set.
how do i make bash reverse-search workplace in terminal.app without it displaying garbled output?
haskell syntax case expression in a do pulley
Spring/Hibernate: InvocationTargetException when deleting entity
grouping items in a view
Excel function to determine the last Friday in a month
Relative Path in Subversion external configuration
Good download manager for Drupal?
do syntax question: variable in brackets {} with # comments?
Best blogging software for developer
ajax request returns a 404 but url plant fine
LINQ Entities as business objects - pro/cons
using qsortfilterproxymodel with a tree exemplar
Getting MouseMoveEvents in Qt
How do I find similar column names using linq?
When you show and hide a div, will it re-adjust surrounding elements automagically?
Apache+Tomcat6+Struts2 redirect problem
IQueryable  Where Extention Method with  Or's
matlab feature use
Disqus Commenting without notification on top
do : how to use concealment to have a term session used at home after work?
wordpress blog setup handwriting to create about, contact, privacy pages
debug vs release build in Visual studio c++ 2008 win32 runtime issue
Safe keyboard shortcut for activating code completion style functionality in Mac OS X browsers
Encoding of the AuthzSVNAccessFile
reindex Catalog URL Rewrites in magento never ends
leap xml inner bean question
TortoiseSVN Error
springiness and hibernate, lazy initiation problem
How can svn co give a "directory already exists error"?
Create a temporary directory in Haskell
How to determine change statistics between revisions
.htaccess rewrite to default language folder?
How do you access data from your I Series in ASP.Net?
Drupal Displaying the Vote up down widget 2.x
Using Spring AOP in an JSF application
MATLAB arbitrary code execution
newbie question: what function does the indenture play here? and why one indent doesn't work?
QT: QSettings on Windows with INI files and comments
browser words based 404 pages with mod_rewrite how to
Loop through PivotItems: runtime error 91
Checking available room in QT Dock
Drupal 6 increase user login time.
Using matlab and Time Series object (fints), how can I make an array of them?
Synchronize shell script execution
Mouseover in NSTableView
How is pattern matching in Scala implemented at bytecode level?
spring - use both simple SimpleUrlHandlerMapping and AnnotationMapping
terminate running commands when plate script is killed
getting Kuler themes with AJAX
Phone screen questions for Mac OS X developer positions?
Can Spotlight index a MacFUSE filesystem?
Core Data vs sqlite3
set of n-linear equations in matlab
how do i have an icon displayed when a setup cd is autoplayed in windows.
Wordpress: Editing pages with another editor.
right align/pad numbers in bash
Oracle merge constants into single table
NSImage rotation
adding slider to a movie
Spring and the anemic domain model
How to SSL enable SharePoint
Add link to calendar page in Drupal
oracle: efficient way to configure columns in an output report
refactoring the OrderBy expression
Is Odersky serious with "bills !*&^%~ code!"   ?
if exists statement in sql to linq
Require anonymous user to register to add content-type
nmake, visualstudio, and .mak files
SharePoint Visual Studio document upload Web Test fails with Connot close stream until all bytes are written
bash trust two arrays
using a query string in an excel hyperlink to an asp.net web diligence
SceneGraph traversal in Haskell
change default svn diffing instrument
IFilter dll works on Windows Desktop Search, but not on SharePoint 2007
cannot hide mastery in nsview
Hibernate Second level Cache <<net.sf.ehcache.hibernate.EhCacheProvider>>
Spring Security in a distributed application.
Oracle: Create table as select from another database?
How good QT under LGPL for commercial applications?
SVN Manager App for Mac (better than XCode)
Making Category Image a link
Apache resource usage
Deploying a Visual Studio Excel 2007 Template
Magento topSearch doesn't work in template
Ajax JSON Not Returning
different code / config in handout & debug build (obj-c)
How to simplify this LINQ Query with Distinct on each column into a single statement
left outer join on two tower performance issuance
Magento - showing review links & add-to-compare links on custom pages
opening named pipes in non-blocking style in bash
Platform or tools for merging & filtering spreadsheet data online?
Oracle listener state blocked
Getting rid of "There is no source code available for the current location"
how to get a usance object out of a generic list with linq?
TFS annotate/blame summary report for a project
Multiple stores and multiple admins with different roles.
How do I sent users to a different "site" in Apache while also using mod_proxy?
matlab som clustering help needed
VS2008 Solution Template
Drupal to Drupal Migration
In Visual Studio you must be a member of Debug Users or Administrators to start debugging. What if you are but it doesn't work?
How can I get my website to display a .c file instead of trying to make the user download it?
How to reassign the address of a named range in Open Office VBA?
'on the web' drupal module showing simulacrum on localhost but not remote host
advantages/disadvantages for building in Wordpress
wordpress widget (or sidebar) hooking
Enable/Disable "Step into" debugging on certain project in visual studio solution
How to load an xml document from an openxml file without saving the xml file on disk?
magento: can you set it so all site share the same order increment id sequence?
is there anything like haskell's 'maybe' office built into scala?
Use Oracle 6 from ASP.NET application
How do I tell LINQ to ignore attributes that don't exist?
wordpress: how to get x youtube thumbnails of my youtube account ?
Wordpress search goes to mainpage
How to show relationships between Todo-lists?
Scala abstract type bounds cross referencing
Spring Security 3.0 and Active Directory LDAP: DOMAIN\user login
how to restart transactions on deadlock/lock-timeout in spring?
How do I roll back all or part of a commit to svn?
USB (PNY 4GB) suddenly appears empty - mounts, but name is strange, files not there
magento example module
c++ class - growth and decrement attribute every n milliseconds
how to handle xml character character in scala?
Using Mac for development
Apache not loading Xdebug, but does when started from the Command Line
When to use signals and slots and when not to
How can I write an addition of two items in a string representation???
Magento Api is too slow for lakhs of products
Hibernate Criteria query on association
Keep QPixmap copy of screen contents using X11, XDamage, XRender, and other tricks.
Basic LINQ expression for an ItemCollection
Magento CMS page (or block) mass import
When does Oracle index null column values?
Visual Studio 2005 says I don't have permission to debug?
Intercepting HTTP request on Mac OS X?
How to force magento to use full product path?
How to effectively manage code changes to third party applications
is it possible to display a Google Earth map INSIDE Excel?
Scala 2.8 Actor
Hibernate JPA to DDL command line tools
How to plot a nonlinear system of 3 equations with 3 symbolic variables in matlab?
nsenumerator performance v for loop in cocoa
URL Rewrite blanket redirect with directory exceptions
wordpress custom page guide
Drupal: Customize blog post "submission" area?
How to check existence of a program in the path
Hibernate: Avoiding reading all the records to memory at once
How do I use stackshot to debug my application?
What are the features of dynamic languages (like Ruby or Clojure) which you are missing in Scala?
Fba roles with SharePoint user groups
Drupal Search Behavior
Is it possible to use Cocoa's Bindings to have an editable NSTableView hooked up to an NSMutableArray?
ajax login using httpRequest?
Ajax.BeginForm show loadingElementId when OnBegin return false
magento https erroneousness
in magento, how can i organize merchandise from different categories under a parent entity which in turn has it's own attributes?
Is it possible to detect 32 bit vs 64 bit in a bash script?
Windows Mobile Device Emulator - how to save config permanently?
oracle subselect with dynamic table and column
concurrency in hibernate
Spring - Have multiple submit buttons in a form and determine which was pressed in a controller
Eclipse IDE speed sluggish on Snow Leopard Macbook
Javascript: achieving the Google Ad AJAX effect
Using svn and .NET Winforms - Building Install Files Deletes _svn Folders
Javascript or XUL windows WITHOUT iframe
Implementing yield (yield return) using Scala continuations
drupal: route nodes links to a aspect
how to disable submit button with ajax based on ajax response
How to automatically expand all children of an nsoutlineview in cocoa?
any feeback on the lib ajax-cross-domain and the jquery eyepatch ?
How to dynamically reconfigure Drupal's jQuery-based autocomplete at runtime?
Version Control for a collaborative website on Mac
excel vba macro: halt content (of clipboard?) before pasting
rebuild indicant oracle 10g
Unable to find the location of C's standard libraries in OS/X?
Generalized Gaussian Noise generator in matlab
Can apache's ProxyRemote be used to proxy HTTPS requests to mongrel for processing?
Worpress sidebar shows up below content.
reorganizing a subversion repository with offset
Can't See Product Options on Magento 1.4.2
visual studio opens exploitation servers for all websites in my project
Problems communicating with external editor in Qt4
Ajax breaks frameset in IE only
linq to sql + stackoverflow exception when querying objects
How does ScalaTest syntax work?
Overloading generic implicit conversions
at compilation, "kamran" was determined to be a variable and this variable is uninitialized. "kamran" is also a function name and previous versions of matlab would have called the function.
How do I programatically restart a system service(not apache) from apache in linux?
Finding elements in a scala list and also know which predicate has been satisfied
how to pass subject of file from fileupload control to web method via javascript?
Visual Studio: ContextSwitchDeadlock
strange error in haskell about indentation of if-then-else
How to get distinct results in hibernate with joins and row-based limiting?
What is the drupal way for wysiwyg reply edit box?
Ajax Loading Icons - Where to Get?
Are Oracle stored procedures faster than in line SQL for a Microsoft.NET application ?
Custom Linq Ordering
Exclude templates in wordpress page
how to get the path and url of the temp image ?
Testing own OS X framework
Any Haskell online contests or problem sets?
WP: redirect users to a certain category using cookies
Does It Make Sense to Move to 64-bit for a "Typical" Mac OS X Application
How to Force Javascript to Execute within HTML Response to Ajax Request
How to add custom Modules in magneto
Matlab subclassing question
best of sharepoint
Releasing Core Framework object references
Excel - Highlight active row
Flowcharting tool/add-in for Visual Studio
creating "pretty" qt usage gadget
Rails + MS SQL + Mac OS X
argh - can't get spring to log sql
getStoreCategories() returns nothing
Magento New Products Block
Error in bash script while reading a file.
emitting sign from other threads
What would be a good way to add "friendly" column names to a LINQ to SQL model?
Prevent file casing problems in Subversion
Writing a string to NSPasteBoard
Haskell Ambiguous Occurrences -- how to avoid?
Is yield useful outside of LINQ?
"take this tryout to find out if you are..." type of module in drupal?
Optimising a SELECT query that runs slow on Oracle which runs quickly on SQL Server
Is there a way to capture the index value in a LINQ Where method in C#?
What are the steps to creating an 'executable bundle'
head pointer to an array in haskell to a c function
javascript timer & ajax polling/scheduling
Including a VB project within a VC++ project
wordpress - producing a listing of posts filtered by tag and then category
MacOS X. No such file or directory for Lua framework.
dynamically hiding tower in a nstableview
drupal photograph gallery tutorial
conserve empty cells when saving excel as xml
communicate to apache host
Why are there more files/hardlinks with the same iNode than the reference count shows?
problems with excel's application.evaluate command in vba
Hibernate Criteria contains-in on an association to a table
Does SharePoint in any way support Wiki markup languages?
How to turn off optimization (-02) for apache modules built with APXS
Use ResourceReader to create a HybridDictionary of resources.
are excel's conditional formatting formula broken
drupal file sharing
how to base64 encode /dev/random or /dev/urandom?
How do I write stderr to a file while using "tee" with a pipe?
LINQ - Update null integer data field
How is AJAX implemented, and how does it help web dev?
Apache RewriteRule not working without Page # specified.
Drupal: Enable search form globally?
How do do ajax navigation on pageload ?
ora-12154: tns: could not resolve service figure
Is there an Environment Variable that contains the clipboard contents?
How to know a entity is going to insert or update
Loop through PageField in OLAP Cube [PivotTable]
How to make blog network like SmashingMagazine
Apache Webserver & JBoss AJP connectivity with https
How to change the wordpress header request
how to make Random in haskell in pure function
how do you configure the apache server which ships mackintosh os x?
file path from sql query in drupal
Generate syntax-colored, hyperlinked source code from Haskell or Objective-C
Help me put Oracle terminology into SQL Server terminology
Best way to handle LOBs in Oracle dblink'ed tables
Magento Checkout - Unsecure Image
What is the mistake in my code. please help
Spring Injection - Interfaces and Classes
how to get a window to receive drag and drop files in xcode
Rails Auth Token and Ajax
Convert Visual Studio project to ASP.NET MVC
How to read till end of file in MATLAB?
magneto discount coupon code set but value is not subtracted from subtotal...
Hiberate save-update listener and ascertaining field changes
osx: changing itinerary of dylib
how can i have two concurrent web apps running on vs2008/vss8.0/asp.net/iis for a proboscis and branch version?
How does one tell if there is an active network connection on OS X?
leaping ibatis mysql transaction
how is magento when it comes to adding tradition functionality?
SQLSTATE[42S02]: Base table or view not found:
SharePoint branding of error pages
what's the new room to iterate over a java map in scala 2.8.0?
Can Visual Studio put timestamps in the build log?
Show only current categoryâ€™s products in Product View
Define DAOs in spring when the datasource is varying dynamically
Apache Rewrite Exclusion
MATLAB: what's the most elegant way to delete known element in matrix?
Filtering a NSOutlineView/NSTreeController.
broken java mackintosh 10.6
how do i get my dependenices inject using @configurable in co-occurrence with readresolve()
referential integrity constraint is automatically disabling in oracle.
oracle - is there any effects of not having a primary headstone on a table ?
Problem migrating Spring Web App from tomcat 5.5 to tomcat 6.0
bash script runs from shell but not from cron job
Wordpress selecting wrong DB
firing a drupal formula (or any php logic) based on a threshold
How to configure Visual Studio not to give UAC prompt on each run?
Accessing Oracle DB through SQL Server using OPENROWSET
How come it is so expensive?
How to Import Excel to Datagrid without OleDB?
LINQ Select() function throws out loaded values (loadoptions)
SPRING: How do you programmatically instantiate classes based on information passed from Flex UI
OS X: Determine Trash location for a given path
how to write issue haskell
Spring Calls Object Constructor Before Setting Properties
Drupal openlayers form
VIsual Studio - How to change the return value of a method in the debugger ?
change revesion number in subversion, even if the file not alteration in the commit.
Creating a dual Mac/Win Autorun CD
Existential Quantification over Values
Coming from the Windows World..how are applications installed in OSX?
Haskell: difference between . (dot) and $ (dollar sign)
BASH: Assign '&' to variable NOT as string
How to spoof an ethernet MAC address of the wired ethernet interface coming with MacBookPro and Leopard 10.5.6?
How can I make unlimited page widgets for wordpress?
securing ajax asking via guid
where can is the merchandise insert funtion , i cannot find the function which inserts the ware into database
CoreAudio AudioUnitSetProperty always fails to set Sample Rate
qt cannot open input file 'c:\Qt\qt\lib\qtmaind.lib'
Deploying a webpart which depends on a database store
How to implement in Excel: If cell A1 is 0, cell A2 = "foo". Else, let the user specify an input.
Edit excel countifs
Getting the list of running applications ordered by last use
SharePoint, WCF and Anonymous Access
Favorite Visual Studio keyboard shortcuts
How do I apply a set of properties to a subset of files in a Visual Studio Project?
prophet query tuning (duplicate table access)
Spring MVC binding parameters to backing object
Unit testing several implementation of the same trait/interface
How to access Magento user's session from outside Magento?
What would be the Spring way of using TCP connections?
Negating an arbitrary where clause condition (including the null tests)
bounce 2.2.5 and xfire 1.2.6 - nosuchmethoderror: <init>
Creating monads in haskell
Haskell tool to rewrite import statements to name all imports?
How do I calculate tables size in Oracle
Import Sharepoint XML based requirements to HP Quality Center
drupal how to pass parameters from panels to views
How to test that test if a path is (or isn't) writable without writing nothing in it.
Redirect requests only if the file is not found?
how to add airfield dynamically when using hibernate
ORACLE - Exporting Procedures / Packages to a file
porting a qt application from linux to window
How to use the Hibernate optimistic locking version property on the front end?
Using the same service & DAO from two threads
How can I add rating information to a review
Why is WordPress considered to be poorly programmed?
what does ~= mean in matlab?
how do i make a certain text way larger?
How can I receive notifications of filesystem changes in OS X?
Linq/XML: grouping results properly within XML element - with inner joins!
How to get wordpress page id after looping posts?
Test for posts matching specific category and not belonging to exclusion category
change edit command block link in wss
Is it possible to checkout files from subversion without those .svn folders?
printing $node var in page.tpl.php
Include product category in Magento order emails.
QCalendarWidget as "Pop-up", not as new Widget?
phonon videowidget error: "the video widget could not be initialized correctly"
PyObjc vs RubyCocoa for Mac development, Which is more mature?
How to make a private branch of public SVN repository?
ghc-pkg vs cabal
Generic-like behavior in PL/SQL procedure parameters
Placing a Sharepoint Site under version control
Setting date cell format in excel xml
Cocoa memory editing inspection
Close client connection preaturely with apache/mod_perl
Getting template text from FreeMarker in Spring app
Drupal exposed date filter: remove "-Year" from select
How to send js array via ajax?
Custom Spring sterotype annotation with scope of prototype?
wordpress user uploads, any solution?
Qt (Creator) with WinSocks (ws2_32)
Linking/Combining Type Classes in Haskell
How do I search all revisions of a file in a SubVersion repository?
How can I serialize (and later deserialize) a generic type in Scala?
LINQ JOIN in String Array
Hibernate Embeddable Inheritance
Magenot - add link to My Account in Main Menu navigation bar
How do I check for a tag's existence in a post in Wordpress?
Ajax Get +JQuery
How to export fonts and colors from VS2008 to VS2005?
Open a terminal window to a specified folder from a Cocoa app.
Can we use cocoa httpserver in ipad?
How do I wrap a selection with an HTML tag in Visual Studio?
WordPress : highlight parent categories while browsing category
GUI And Command line SVN Client
[Drupal] Similar By Terms module
using scala thespian to create sth like a pipeline
Removing duplicate rows from table in Oracle
Best Practice for Wordpress Theme Functionality
Oracle view with multiple join is only recognize when use a quotes around - why ?
Intergrating Perl and Oracle AQ
getting the path of a application at runtime + cocoa
how to upgrade the interpretation of python used by apache?
Excel: How can I display the data from several sheets in one?
Change background color of Solution Explorer in Visual Studio
Tutorial for developing Web Services with Apache Axis 1.5
asp.net mvc ajax postulation not firing correctly
Uninstalling partially installed XCode + iPhone SDK
Excel get_Range missing when interop assembly is embedded in .NET 4.0
Problem with temporary unnamed pipe in bash script
Apache rewrite rule forces download
Is Oracle BC4J Still Supported?
Counting elements in a tree in Haskell
Odd problem using addObserver:forKeypath:options:context: in init method
Duplex or request-reply with Apache ActiveMQ WCF Binding configuration question
Bash: ambiguous redirect
Summation notation in Haskell
which is the best ajax framework for java www development ?
Subversion Auth: Can't access the "Collection of Repositories" page anymore
How do I reuse a command in bash with different parameters?
Excel pivot chart linear time-scale
Transforming Scala varargs into Java Object... varargs
bash: how _best_ to create a script from another script
Elegant way to handle upsert with Hibernate and MySQL
LinQ ORM Data Objects and Inheritance.
How to accept REF cursor in JAVA without importing Oracle Package
When I set NHibernate "adonet.batch_size" the sql not logged any more.
SVN - Delete existing repository
Understanding Drupal core?
how to get the image of MAC System icon in Finder?
LINQ multiple where clause
implicit parameter definition in year
SAXON.NET XSLT 2.0 Processor
Is there a devenv flag to disable pdb generation at compile time?
Codecharge Studio alternatives for mac
Bash case syntax - meaning of "-@"
filtering a Drupal View with ORed criteria
When are -framework and -I/System/.../Example.framework/Headers/ needed?
Sending SVN commits to an RSS feed
Scala: is it possible to override default case class constructor?
Value of global variable doesn't change in BASH.
Saving In Magento Taking A Very Very Long Time
Using Visual Studio macro names to launch external applications doesn't work?
How to detect if filter(s) changed on a worksheet?
scala anonymous procedure syntax
Can Drupal's t() function localise English homonyms?
allowing anonymous user to save contents of a form in sharepoint doc library
how to define the issue type in a function with linq?
Why don't code snippets work for me in Visual Studio?
Change default SVN diffing tool
maaging footer content,
supress "save changes" when creating a papers via excel automation.
conditional loop conversion in Scala
New Qt Directory is not valid
How to replace a line in bash
how do i determine if the item is selected or not in the paint() procedure of qitemdelegate?
Spring 3.0 making JSON response using jackson message converter
How do I convert an NSString into something I can use with FSCreateDirectoryUnicode?
Apache rotate Access and Error logs
Plotting in Matlab
Why am I unable to use QT with Visual Studio 2008?
How to graythresh a indexed image in matlab?
Authorization, authentication when doing AJAX (jquery) calls to .net web services (asmx, wcf, etc), what do I need to know?
how can i cargo an image saved in database to visual studio reportviewer 2008?
alternatives for loading into oracle
Magento 1.4 - Display category's image
How do you find the block of code you are looking for in Magento?
Using Haskell's Parsec to parse binary files?
Wordpress category if-condition not working
Non deprecated way of appending an element to a List in Scala 2.7.5?
Wrap an Oracle schema update in a transaction
Pitch Detection In Mac OS X
PHPIniDir broken under windows 7?
Whether to enable a security-protected feature
subversion upgrade question - 1.5.3 to 1.5.4
References for learning the theory behind pure functional languages such as Haskell?
How can I implement a blocking process in a single slot without freezing the GUI?
In Hibernate, is there any difference between session.get() and session.load() besides how bad IDs are handled?
version figure inside assemblyinfo.cs update outside visual studio
Semi-editable Files (eg config files) and version control - best practices?
string comparison in bash
SVN Libraries for .NET?
Call Excel COM Addins functions using macro
Hibernate/Spring3: could not initialize proxy - no Session
How to get the clicked menu items $mlid in Drupal?
Can StackOverflow Help with My Drupal Design
undo redo with an auto delete mechanism
Magento createBlock method not working, displaying static block data
How do I consolidate entries from multiple employee blogs into a single RSS feed
Lost RPC connection to remote Agent error with Oracle connected to Informix
what is the more efficient version control methodology - checkout or merge (ie perforce 5 subversion)
Object communication - Passing self to another object / Objective-C, Cocoa
How to access to parent widget on qt?
Simple AJAX code not being recognized
return subversion working copy to an old revision
hibernate composite Primary key contains a composite foreign key, how to map this..
Multiple Documents in a Single Window in Cocoa
Well written Open Source Cocoa Apps to learn from
Break Polyhedron into Tetrahedron
SVN Weirdness: Is It Possible It's Not My Fault
How to write a proper null-safe coalescing operator in scala?
how do you make a multi-module spring conformation ?
Applying LINQ to Objects Group By and Sort By to generic List<T> (C#)
how to validate hibernate map against database
how to write occultation rcp applications with scala?
Wordpress display specific sub category of a parent category.
How do I get bash completion to work with aliases?
half-sine pulse shaping
wtf is a role
How to find & fix memleaks inside Apache + PHP + Win2k3
Wordpress Database $wpdb versus get_option()
Hibernate getting Id from createCriteria() result
Creating an excel macro to sum lines with duplicate values
Qt Custom Window
Sharepoint Wiki
Advanced directory switching in bash
How do I make svn ignore unversion files only in my working copy?
Plotting Bessel function in MatLab
Scala: Given a scala.xml.Node, what's the most efficient way of getting the second (or n-th) child element?
bash: redirect (and append) stdout and stderr to file and terminal
call matlab apis in century c++
excel formula : Find uniques in one column depending on value of another column
BASH script passing stdin input to a program and giving control back to user input
EXC_BAD_ACCESS when using NSOutlineView
How to add ^ to matlab ?
magento "gender" default option need change
Running a Javascript command from Matlab to fetch a PDF file
What MySQL client application would you recommend for Mac OS X?
Get multiple values through an AJAX query
Scala objects not changing their internal state
How to show x and y axes in Matlab graph?
Using j2ep on an apache-tomcat cluster - design help
Drupal 6 absolute wildcards in _menu(), is it possible ?
how to import from MS excel into MYSQL DB
dlmalloc + CPP + strdup + Mac OS X = crash
Spring Faces Javascript
How to save data on excel xls file using perl?
hide connexion to a view if it's empty
In what OS should I host subversion?
Errors on beginner bash script
Drupal VS Zikula
Program Interaction and testing via bash script
Apache basic authentication
Search for whole word with Linq to SQL
Can I create a collection in Scala that uses different equals/hashCode/compare implementations?
What's an easy way to obtain the current svn revision in a c++ visual studio application
Create WebApplication with Drupal: development steps...
spring di, domain model & best exercise
Remove main editor from wordpress edit page screen
get text battleground info out of loaded webpage - mac os x development
Qt Python : QTreeWidget Child Problem
how to click a button in a out-of-focus appliance without changing the current focus to it
How to post an image to a server using ajax
ensime scala errors (class scala.Array not found, object scala not found)
Sharepoint 2007 NTLM issue with ASP.NET Web App hosted on Sharepoint server
MATLAB syntax of (:)
oracle: symbolic names and logical pigeonholing for ora-xxxxx codes?
Programmatically creating a MOSS publishing page
Is it possible to add VB to an Excel sheet from POI?
Hidden features of Spring framework ?
Haskell Input & Passing Values to Functions
Mapping 2 vectors - help to vectorize
Value of uninitialized persistent variable in MATLAB
SharePoint Lists, GetListItems, XML, and VBA - I just want to crossreference!
Magento - 2 or more observer on same event
write the data from an excel canvass to the text file though c#
Visual Studio 2005/2008: How can you share/force all developers to use the same formatting rulles?
$_Server['REQUEST_URI'] seems to have gone... where?
Rewrite rules - going outside the docroot.
using bash to fix maildir mtimes problem
Qt painted content goes lost
Spring controller setup question?
Magento: change advanced search layout
[MAGENTO] How to use an external lib? (PclZip)
Connecting to Oracle from ASP.NET is very slow - how to diagnose?
What are some clever uses of LINQ?
GUI programming in Scala
VerificationException Operation could destabilize the runtime on Simple LINQ Query
What is the most elegant way to implement a business rule relating to a child collection in LINQ?
load ms intelligence files with ajax
load the result of an egrep inside a editor (vim/emacs/gedit)
Cocoa: Learn currently selected keyboard layout / input language
[Haskell] Adding a Show instance to RWH's RandomState example.
How to use a Spring config file in a Maven dependency
grep with "half"-exact catch
what is/are the scala way(s) to implement this java "byte[] to hex" category
Launch an app on OS X with command line
Qt: QList of QButtonGroup
Can't understand type errors in Scala
Getting last insert id in Excel ADODB connection to MySQL database
Visual Studio 2008 SP1 and Visual SourceSafe 2005
What is the difference between Linq and IQueriable
how to use scala internals to compile source faster than fsc (fast scala compiler)
Parallel "insertions" into a binary trie in Haskell
How to determine a PL/SQL function's schema from within the function
Oracle VS SQL server
Excel Conditional formatting with weighted total
Magento - Tag wishlist products in admin -> order
check CPU type at RUN time for C program on MAC
tips for using cv or subversion as a backup framework for office documents
Is there an easy way to backup Oracle SQL Developer's User Snippets?
Is it possible to run OSX in a virtual machine?
Matlab Polymorphism question
exception while deploying spring app on tomcat 6
mod_jk on windows 64 bit
re writting methods with in a project
Creating Visual Studio toolbar commands to execute batch files
Handling file uploads in Drupal
how to parse the file epithet and rename in matlab
How can I get the max of an arbitrary property from a list in Scala?
Adding deriving(Data) to standard types
Ok dumb question time. Linq to SQL. Join.
Using @PostConstruct annotation in Spring 3.0.0.RC1
find qwidget of single instance qt diligence
is there any cock that will document an svn repository?
how do i stop visual studio from automatically inserting asterisk during a stop comment?
How to avoid installing unnecessary dependencies with MacPorts?
Good Ajax framework for J2EE
Drupal flushing "Page requisites" cache also deletes javascript files
Linq Dilemma
Qt ClickToFlash
minimum time between subsequent ajax vociferation
Posix Error 14 (bad address) on open read stream in Cocoa.  Hints?
Magento loop through pages
Use Matlab cell array in a C/C++ program
Remove duplicates in List specifying equality function
WHy can't I correctly parse this date string with NSDateFormatter?
How to implement the "Edit" menu with "Cut", "Paste and "Copy"?
Plotting multi-colored line in Matlab
AJAX popup causes screen to re-load using ASP.Net
Scala: How do I cast a variable?
Hiding the text before an input to only $-sign in Bash?
Newbie queston: Cannot load http://localhost/phptest:8080/
SQL-WHERE TYPE Formulas in Excel
Software development  on Mac
Add a Group by to a Hibernate Criteria-Query without Projection
XDebug produces corrupted files
Qt, VS2005, Qwt - Can't use Q_OBJECT in class derived from Qwt widgets
erroneousness while validating html "document type does not allow element "li" here; missing one of "ul", "ol", "menu", "dir" start-tag"
Switching to LINQ
How do I install the Apache FtpServer as a service within Windows 7 (64-bit)?
Visual Studio Intellisense, c#, no code behind.
Auto-redirect requests from /dirname to /dirname/
Spring framework IDE - where to learn efficently?
Magento Store - Extensions Breaking Admin
leaping 3 java config: imported @configuration not enhanced?
How can I start a specific excel version in com automation?
how to insert a tr which is deleted from another table using jquery and ajax
Ajax and record ID's
How can I hook up to Excel events in Javascript
Different product image per category in Magento
problem saveOrUpdate object Hibernate (a different object with the same identifier session)
.htaccess deny admission to specific files? more than one
Drupal: how to set theme language programmatically?
Module development tutorial in Drupal
sharepoint forms authentication situation
ajax calls being called too fast.
mod_rewrite not working as internal proxy
How to know when all ajax calls are complete
Duplicating views
wordpress plug-ins, themes and widgets crown and tricks
Machine learning in OCaml or Haskell?
matlab gist curve
Web scraping in VBA and Excel
Passing a milliom numbers from java to matlab?
recall for button in qtcreator?
getting access to a fountain bean from a webservice?
Information Management Policy in SharePoint
Drupal path alias not found
Do Excel 2003 and 2007 use differnt file formats?
Spring bean with no id or name
Programmatically editing Sharepoint Wiki content
How to terminate a running process in matlab ?
Delimitter for string value for Ajax response
QT (4) equivalent macros/methods/constants for their Win32 API counterparts?
Dropdown menu in IE6 inserting too much width, not dropping-down
Timespan to string problem in LINQ query
One executable that starts as gui application or console application based on command line in VS2005
How do I disable the "smart insert" function that is bound to the Tab key in the Visual Studio emacs mode?
JQuery selectors not finding class on elements in table created by an Ajax XHR in Ruby on Rails
Add a Blog to an Existing Webpage.
WORDPRESS: Hacking Comment Form to act like Tell a Friend
Sharepoint FBA and IIS 6.0 Anonymous access
Managing Wordpress blog on development and live environment
how to disable the alter panel caused by NSAlter automatic?
excel vba application.ontime. i think its a bad idea to use this... thoughts either way?
Magento paypal currency error
are merges in corruption more difficult than in team foundation system?
Cocoa application crashing on OpenGL call
Is it possible for tick marks on an image to be centered around the -edge- of a pixel?
Order of svn diff revision range
Wordpress Wiki Integration
Linq query to include a subtype
drupal: adding simple links to a block
Shared files between projects in Visual Studio
apache proxy to tomcat keep alive confusion
CAS Policy for Sharepoint Application Page
Reflection API for Scala
Get function value of a instance method in Scala
how to prevent vs 2008 from publishing .svn folders as function of publish process?
How can I determine a first-time hit in Wordpress?
Mixing Static Libraries of C Code  built from different versions of Visual Studio 2002 and later
How do I update the matlab path?
Mac dev - Help getting started with 2d games
How do I branch an individual file in SVN?
php / ajax REMOTE_ADDR set to IP of bogus network adapter
wordpress: using a test radical only for a specific user
Caused by: java.lang.NoSuchMethodError: org.springframework.beans.MutablePropertyValues.add(Ljava/lang/String;Ljava/lang/Object;)Lorg/springframework/beans/MutablePropertyValues;
Using VS 2005 to design abstract forms
Consuming SOAP Web Services in Drupal from C# client
Wordpress URL routing problem
Redirect old permalinks (page_id=x) wordpress
Ordering results by computed value in Hibernate
ajax reply from cgi program
XMLHttpRequest object not being instantiated?
Stuck with JVM, Sick of Java... Where to go?
Spring - How 'multiple' AOP behaviors to sevices are resolved?
Cannot hide Controls in NSView
Defining multiple-type container classes in haskell, trouble binding variables.
Oracle: Combine multiple results in a subquery into a single comma-separated value
How do I detect if an application is document-based?
How do I break out of a loop in Scala?
prettyPhoto and Ajax-loaded content
Getting data back AND $POSTing data using jQuery.Ajax
Change Alpha on Main Window - Cocoa
Formatting with echo command
Ajax implementation in sharepoint
Why do compiled Haskell libraries see invalid static FFI storage?
Table and List view with single Model in Qt
Why does Visual Studio debugging mode does not work properly (performing F5 when F11 was pressed)
Compression of content on Apache and Tomcat
Selecting the distinct values from three columns with the max of a fourth where there are duplicates
CAML queries: how to filter folders from result set?
Using spring to get your service layer - good idea?
drupal 6 position - left juncture outcome
extract filename and denotation in bash
MobileMe API Documentation
Adding related data with multiple LINQ to SQL DataContexts
how to monitor process in Mac
When to commit changes?
Why does this Haskell code work successfully with infinite lists?
SVN Repository Structure - Why is this better?
How can I safely write to a given file path in Cocoa, adding a numeric suffix if necessary?
how do i use constant in haskell, to avoid magic numbers ?
Calling an Excel Add-In method from C# application or vice versa
How to query an Oracle table from SQL Server 2000?
Debug/Release diffrence
How can i debug this ajax script for IE?
Disable Trinidad skins
Securing AJAX Requests via GUID
Magento - How do I use a shopping cart price rule to display a cms block?
Does hibernate's mappedBy automatically makes applications buggy?
Is it possible to share users between a Drupal 6.x and Open Atrium database, based on organic groups or CiviCRM smart groups?
Marking file as executable on OSX using C (Carbon, standard C/C++)
many-to-many execution in linq-to-sql
Restrict LINQ Subquery when databound to a grid
A light weight Scala fork join syntax
.htaccess redirect performance
SharePoint - Change Themes Style Sheet
"Hiding" linq classes inside a namespace?
Cabal installing quickcheck version problem
SharePoint Feature to install WebPart and custom list.
Question about [[]], [] and $#
How to create a executable .exe file from .m file
Search and replace in apache htaccess a RewriteRule
preserve fifty color after grep'ing
Hibernate: Persist an object as a String?
Configuring Apache to route "GET /user/foo" to /user/GET.php and "PUT /user/foo" to /user/PUT.php
Any way to get SharePoint to STOP converting attachment file names to all lower case on inbound emails?
haskell: error trying to call putStrLn in funciton
PHP's preg-match_all causing Apache Segfault
What uses have you found for higher-rank types in Haskell?
Drupal Add Static link to a view
using group() breaks getSelectCountSql in magento
Magento - How to rewrite /app/design/frontend/default/default/template/customer/form/register.phtml
could someone point be to a good summary of haskell codification convention
SQL not equals & null
How to automatically mount my portable disk with ntfs-3g driver on Mac OS X
Qt winId() forcing 32bit values
problem with cs on wordpress
IE6 + SSL + AJAX + post form  = 404 error (?)
Copy/Paste from Excel to a web page
Interesting Scala typing solution, doesn't work in 2.7.7?
writing bash script to change text and write to a log
asp ajax calendar extendar and displaying metre
Spicing up the Visual Studio IDE
linq group by a outset meter to endtime on datetime column
SharePoint Discussion Baord "Last updated" field is not updated any more.
scala: overflow despite employment of long when adding
google webtool kit or really simple history?
Solve ODE without nested functions
SVN manage settings between computers
Qt: Erase background (Windows Aero Glass)
Run code in Hibernate Filters
Feedburner Subscribe box in wordpress blog
By-Name-Parameters for Constructors
How to convert a scala.List to a java.util.List?
Freezing Row 1 and Column A at the same time
Is it possible to disable command input in the toolbar search box?
MSSQL 2005: Nullable Foreign Key Constraint
Implementing "scrubby sliders" in Cocoa?
What OR/M tool that supports Linq/Iqueryable would you recommend?
How to average time intervals?
msbuild directory structure bound workarounds
What's a great way to benchmark Apache locally on Linux?
MATLAB : search and count (?)
What does the EXE do in the Visual Studio setup project output
How to enable command line switches?
Quickest query to check for the existence of a row in Oracle?
Network Packet Inspector in Mac OSX
After adding a symbolic link in a svn repository I keep receiving an error inside of that directory
Excel user-defined function not called on cell update
Control.Monad.State found in multiple packages haskell
Estimate Shipping and Tax problem in magento
flattening linq grouping query
Ruby on Rails Ajax rubberband
WordPress extreme oddity with broken images
Epoch Time (Ticks since 1970) - Mac vs. Windows
How would one implement a sidebar similar to Mail/iTunes/Finder/etc in Cocoa/IB?
Lazy Quicksort in Scala
read data into matlab from textfile
scala actors: long running io operations
how to define certain posts as featured post in wordpress?
Matlab / Java API callback
how can i forcefulness my sharepoint ajaxsmartpart to use the smaller "release" mood javascript?
Using Hibernate/JPA without relationships and avoiding multiple DB calls
What is the most common feature that demands the use of Visual Studio Professional over Standard?
Scala as the new Java?
How can I automatically enable content approval on a SharePoint list?
what is the most elegant way to implement a business pattern relating to a child collection in linq?
Creating add-in for Excel using C#.
Get all custom fields that belong to a certain box in Wordpress
oracle support generation tool.
saving to sharepoint via webdav redirector. getting new object id and losing edition history
Checking for the presence of text in a text column efficiently
Async thread dies in SharePoint web part
Change current directory from a script
Wordpress, two URLs for the same post
CSS not rendering on MAMP
How to display placeholder value in WPF Visual Studio Designer until real value can be loaded
use category variables as constants in scala
bash errors in this script ?
Show other data in QTableView with QItemDelegate
Apache mod-rewrite folder overwrite
Oracle: What does `(+)` do in a WHERE clause?
C# structural highlighting in Visual Studio 2008
Scala Tuple Deconstruction
Excel 2007 - Sheets.add from template file loses formatting
Remove Tax at Checkout for B2B customers in Magento
Loading Hibernate property from an external source (HashMap)
In memory filtering of not persistent collection with Hibernate
hibernate and ehcache replication
Linq to sql error with identitiy increment field
SVN accident, overwrote some key changes in my file and commited to repository.  Can it be recovered?
How can I reset a cocoa NSSearchField programmatically?
Why can't Scala infer the type parameter in this example?
Switch from SVN to GIT for C# developments?
Remove slash from the end of a variable
Apache mod_rewrite issue with WAMP - shows Error 404 Not found - Joomla 1.5.14 with SEF URL
abstract form memory management in cocoa
Redirect After Registration in Drupal
remove first 4 letters from a folder name using do scripting
Scala and Swing GUI applications
how do remove credit card (save) from magento
Update from svn wtihout merging automatically
Transitioning from WinForms to AJAX, what do I need to know?
Flowchart app for OSX?
Error : Not all products are available in the requested quantity !! what does this mean?
Is it safe/possible to delete code from the table dba_source in Oracle 10g?
Bash: easy way to put a configurable load on a system?
ORACLE 7.3 user management
List categories with checkbox in Wordpress Options?
Streaming live video to a web site
how to do hibernate mapping for table or view without a primary key
Qt Animation
BASH configration question, set alias as a sequence of commands?
apache perl http headers job
having some muddiness with linq
SharePoint user's AD group membership
Oracle Ref Cursor Vs Select into with Exception handling
ORM for ASP.net, ORACLE, looking for a solution.
Vexing linq to sql predicate building in a for loop
How do I get the scalaz IDEA live templates working for the symbolic methods?
bound beans, lifecycle in a xmlwebapplicationcontext (web context)
Is it possible to develop Mac OSX apps on Windows?
Range checking in Haskell's case?
Why would a web part fail on constructor the first time it's being added to a page?
How to make an unboxed array of floats I can get a Ptr to
Drupal/Drush: How to bundle a project.profile within a project.make?
Cocoa Applications Examples
why does hibernate not force you to mark fields as virtual, but nhibernate does?
Enums in Scala with multiple constructor parameters
Best Pattern for AllowUnsafeUpdates
spring instauration with dynamic implementation
MATLAB setting matrix values in an array
Mapping to a JSON method with url-pattern
what is the best mode to back up an svn server for all the code and content?
SharePoint Development Permissions
Magento: get order id to use in outside application
Does Rails' Ajax support make JSON or XML an easier format to work with?
Changing font for member variables in Visual Studio
what are the relative meritoriousness of wxhaskell and gtk2hs?
Why do my Wordpress comments have the wrong date?
best file system to transfer 5+gb files between os x and window on removable spiritualist
Can I run an arbitrary Oracle SQL script through ODP.NET?
Turn these haskell Int lists into a different one
Scala puts precedence on implicit conversion over "natural" operations... Why? Is this a bug? Or am I doing something wrong?
SharePoint (MOSS 2007) remove user
How do I format my oracle queries so the columns don't wrap?
Localizing a modern xib-based Mac application
Rotating a Div Element in jQuery
Multithreaded Haskell
Trying to put an exception to RewriteRule in .htaccess
Using CreateObject("Excel.Application") - issues with unsigned control
Oracle and auto_increment/identity
How to make all connected browsers reload initiated by a server-side event
adding pulley in existing module of magento
Looking for advice on the best way to show BIRT reports in Drupal
hibernate optimistic locking with lazy onetoone connection
dependency on spring's annotating
Spring Autowiring class vs. interface?
wordpress > calling "recent posts" doodad via script from custom theme
Table Join Efficiency Question
Visual Studio Website Reference Paths
svn access to a https repository: username / password always being prompted for
question about extensiblity of cocoa mite controls
how to find and select multiple quarrel with macro (excel) ?
How to change hibernate's default fetching strategy?
Magento, translate validation error messages
Apache, PHP and MySQL portable?
a div above another?
lift CalendarMonthView sample fails with Lift 1.1-SNAPSHOT
Showing 10 recent (same month/year?) items from a category (Wordpress)
OS X Data Storage in PLIST Example or Tutorial?
Finding a certain value below the maxima in Matlab
Implications of foldr vs. foldl (or foldl')
usance oracle exception
After rewrite Model sales/order_collection it works except in Admin section, why?
lurch detection in mac os x
How do you add an index field to Linq results
Add a link to Magento's My Account Page Conditionally
Oracle Check Constraint
Returning an HtmlTable to be written with ajax.
How to create folders using file names and then move files into folders?
gloss role of graph under a line in matlab
Implementation/Integration of Email Subscription form for a Wordpress theme
c++ for loop vs foreach
how to search the file in  the next level of the mac root ?
Extending spring's default component factory
Detecting https requests in php
function virtual directory to another web server in apache
bash scripting challenge
wordpress custom admin page - checkbox
Stored Procedure & LINQ, Dmbl File unable to interpret the result set
Apache log analyzer which outputs user flows
MATLAB command for exporting geometry from pdetool
How to access sprinr context in jUnit tests annonted with @RunWith and @ContextConfiguration?
How can I set the value of a column for every row in a table using LINQ?
Unable to login magento administration
Using FFT in MATLAB on multiple matrices of data to find differences within responses
Can Ruby on Rails connect to Oracle/RDB on Mac OS X or Windows?
Using LINQ to SQL and chained Replace
Commenting in BASH script
how to get a distinct result, but return another tower in the select?
how to grab my wordpress posts from different subdomain?
generate excel shroud from a excel template in asp.net using vb.net
Fork and sync google code svn into github
Multiple WHERE clause in Linq
How to setup non-admin development in Visual Studio 2005 and 2003
Drupal FileField remove file from node but leave on Server
Precompiled headers and compiling universal objects on OSX
How do you display something from a function onto a display window in a GUI in Matlab?
Support for Long Running Operations using the MOSS Publishing Infrastructure
How to use Ajax in ASP.NET for Email ID validation? Help me
How to redirect to an action in Magento?
Hibernate ManyToOne relation to a joined subclass type
How can I download Java SE 1.5 for Mac OS 10.6
NSBezierPath / Line Intersection / flatten
Wordpress Post order
What's this setting of MATLAB for(which is causing lots of troubles for lots of people)?
How do I restore a transient field in Hibernate like readResolve() for hibernate serialization?
SVN Export with revision history problem
resolving svn binary conflicts
Is there any way to avoid installing Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 Team System Database Edition to be able to build DBPro projects on a centralized build server?
Combining JavaFX and Scala - is it possible?
Qt, Signals without naming?
Oracle 8i Query Help
How to set up virtual hosts on Apache 2.2
how to view different file extension in different color ib terminal of mac leopard.
What does this snippet mean?
Using STSADM to export and import site collection
Passing / forwarding events to a sub-object in Qt
Pass Pointer to an Array in Haskell to a C Function
wordpress wp_list_categories() assist
Highlight user-specified words in Visual Studio?
How To: debug Scala code when outside of an IDE
Does Scala support tail recursion optimization?
SVN:List all checked in files
object reference not set to an instance of object fault
what is the correct way to set up an percipient in magento?
Server crashing after Wordpress upgrade to latest version (nginx+php-fpm)
Best ajax framework for drag and drop support
Can CCK take care of my fields for a programatically defined node type in drupal?
AJAX wont POST to URL
substitution till the remnant of the line in bash
Is there an easier way to add menu items to a wordpress navigation menu?
How to load Java Stored Procedure through JDBC into Oracle 10g?
Where to place a query to show only one post in Wordpress
how do i check for wrongdoing in spring - security ?
Hex Representation of Floats in Haskell
queries in Hibernate polymorphism
Accessing the JDBC ResultSet concurrently in Spring
Returning an array in cocoa, but waiting for delegation to complete
Drupal Nodes shows 404 when it exists
How do you use Binary conversion in Python/Bash/AWK?
How to limit RAM usage in Oracle 9
product price Issue
AJAX Length Limitations
Oracle moving / transferring schemas from one server to another
At what point do you need to be a programmer to work with Drupal?
Audio equivalent of QTMovieView?
Is there a way to install gcc in OSX without installing Xcode?
Testing IO actions with Monadic QuickCheck
equating solver function in matlab. how do i handle [eqns,vars] = geteqns(varargin{:}) errors?
jQuery AJAX Fileupload crossbrowser support
I need to add a choice field to sharepoint that has values depending on the current selection.
Text under a widget added with QToolbar.addWidget()
How to save unsigned char to MySQL
<s>SVN</s> Version control question -- multiple projects depend on the same source.
bash string to date
Rails: submit (via AJAX) when drop-down option clicked
Writing Database Blobs to SharePoint Document Libaray
Listing which content types use a specified site column
simple problem with matlab
haskell: 'no case for' arising from a trivial usage of regex library
Loop through each row of a range in Excel
unable to download the source codification of open reference projects in mac's terminal
how to find a jndi resource inside the hibernatetool ant task
Minimum time between subsequent AJAX calls
Resolving SVN merge postponed conflicts recursively
Need some help ordering a Linq result.
QComboBox with single value: Select this value
how to select k no. of nodes with probability p(say p=0.25) out of n(say n=100) randomly generated nodes and those k nodes shown as red colored in whole figure?
Magento case price question
Subversion "label" like SourceSafe
Drupal Custom CCK field with multiple child fields
Excel Formulas/VB: Show total based on date entry
Magento : How do i echo username
guitar tablature and music shroud oriented plugins for wordpress or drupal
Limiting the number of objects in NSArrayController
PL-SQL: getting column data types out of query results
Disable NSToolbar customisation via window's toolbar button?
A script to ssh into a remote folder and check all files?
Creating registerable Visual Studio packages
WP child categories of the parent cat
wordpress - allow editor to manage theme widgets
SVN Working Copy xxx locked and cleanup failed
how to create list from stove
magento supporter with creating model in custom class
How does this bash fork bomb work?
How to use join in an HQL update?
How scalable is LINQ?
how to localise a sharepoint site for different languages
Are there any diagnostics tools for troubleshooting content delivery with Opera Mini?
Haskell: Dealing With Types And Exceptions
Using an IOService port reference to turn off a device...
Spurious ambiguous reference error in Scala 2.7.7 compiler/interpreter?
Magento - Find Out of Stock Products With Inventory
jquery ajax call for asp.net mvc application getting two unauthorized reponses then Ok
Internationalisation in Visual Studio
Content Top Drupal Theme
Qt Jambi: QAbstractListModel not displaying in QListView
WordPress: How can I add extra classes via variables when using body_class()?
How to check whether a particular widget is show or not in the sidebar ?
WSS Features and Data Storage
Favorite Drupal tips or best practices?
using fields from a 'lookup-ed' sharepoint lean
How do I write a custom start page for VS 2008?
Making an NSTableView Display Articles From An RSS Feed.
How to "watch" character values of a string on Visual Studio?
mean filter in matlab without loop or signal processing toolbox
cocoa - communication from child view to parent thought
Magento - Display Same Block Multiple Times on CMS Page
Is there an alternative of ajax that does not require polling without sever side modifications?
Type error while trying to implement the (>>=) function in order to create a custom monad transformer.
Creating GUI application completely in QtScript, what is your opinion?
echo in a bash script changing '--md5' to '?-md5'
how to assign null to sql entity editorial
Whats the difference between IO String and normal String in Haskell
Where are certain Wordpress files that I want to programmatically edit?
Why does Qt add more than three columns when I use restoreState() on a QTableWidget?
Is Haskell, truly pure (is any language that deals with input and output outside the system)?
In cocoa, how can I darken everything displayed in a single NSView?
display a 'view' list within a composite layout in drupal
Oracle Throwing SQL Error when creating a View
How to use LINQ to compile a lambda expression to custom SQL or otherwise?
Deploying Beta software updates and Sparkle
How can I dynamically add and remove <fieldsets> using prototype and scriptaculous?
Compiling and using spl2c on Mac OS X 10.6
show the order display page in new page in magento
Cocoa MAC - problem with this code using NSBundle
Magento user created attribute for products is not saved...
Is the file hidden?
Different number of posts (WordPress)
[vb.net] better direction of getting the text value of cells in an excel (*.xls) file
Kill a Ajax Request in between
Subversion web based browser
Matrix of unknown length in MATLAB?
ALiasing fields in linq.
How do I create a custom wordpress page?
Producing 2D array from a 1D array in MATLAB
Running a command with every svn commit
Add web part to sharepoint page in aspx markup
Gridlines in excel through interop
How can "Modified By" be changed when using RunWithElevatedPrivileges?
is there an easier mode to add menu items to a wordpress navigation menu?
add pick value to product, then to cart with magento
show hexadecimal turn of a file
what is the best room to get a reference to a spring bean in the backend layers?
Is the Timeout directive of Apache overrideable in htaccess or inside of a <VirtualHost>?
How to Search within json document in apache solr lucene
Which is easier for beginners: RubyCocoa or ObjC/Cocoa
Bash shell function error : command not found
Setting a global variable in Magento, the GUI way?
What are the alternatives to using phpMyAdmin?
Is there an encyclopedia/list of common type classes in Haskell?
Changing background image on succesive Ajax requests causes multiple GETs for same image
Fastest way to import CSV files in MATLAB
making a constant heading
web site Deployment
Has anyone been able to get SharePoint using NTLM working with SQUID as a reverse proxy?
How to notify my JS client without polling?
Update Store Logo Programmatically Magento
Apache rewrite to add a directory to REQUEST_URI not working on localhost running wamp.
What can you do with SharePoint on Intranet?
No CurrentSessionContext configured
Has someone used QSockeNotifier (Qt library) to read/write serial ports in Linux?
Explain this LINQ code?
specifying edit way in drupal for fckeditor?
Oracle: what is the "instantclient" connection string format?
Moving advanced search - Magento
spring jdbc RowCallbackHandler nightmare
Mod rewrite issue
drupal php varlet without having a db query?
Different code / config in Release & Debug build (Obj-C)
Change background of Terminal.app from the commandline
How to ensure that Apache always serves a single page via HTTPS?
How to capture the "Print" button from the menu bar in a macro
What was the name of the Mac (68000) assembler?
Limiting FCKEditor to only one input format in Drupal?
upgrading projection to xcode 3.2 under snow leopard won't debug
cool svn statement tips and tricks and diff between files on the hard disk using svn control
Implementing UpdatePanel manually
Hibernate many to one delets all parents when a child is deleted
basic xmlHttp question
What applications do i need to download to start developing apps using spring framework?
Problem in inserting element to listview in QT
Programmatically stream audio in Cocoa on the Mac
How to configure MSBuild to do some tasks only on release builds?
Sample a process on Mac OS X from a C/C++ program
Is there a way to have all radion buttons be unchecked
Redirection to different port for different sub domain failed
@OneToMany without inverse relationship and without a join table?
Bash or Python for extracting blocks from text files
Find QWidget of single instance Qt application
When is @uncheckedVariance needed in Scala, and why is it used in GenericTraversableTemplate?
looking up document library particular in a sharepoint workflow
Releasing under license: Do all files need the copyright statment?
How to automate the padding for arbitary images using MatLab?
How to link multiple visual studio solutions together?
for qdoublespinbox, can i give an range 0.0<min<max<1.0. if yes how do i get the step push to work with it
Esc and Enter keys in Cocoa dialog
how do I create a dump file from my subversion hosting account?
Visual Studio vs. #Develop - Default event handlers
How to group Widgets in my Qt app?
For loop with non-contiguous range
which cms do i need? needs to be easy to post a certain kind of mail
How can I send a HTML email from Cocoa?
How to best update a website from subversion.
Is there a way to emulate a QGroupVBoxLayout?
how to determine the schemas inside an prophet data pump export file.
Drupal 6: custom profile fields and saving data to a DB
Can any have the information about the Apache Roller Weblogger software
How can I force my SharePoint AjaxSmartPart to use the smaller "Release" mode javascript?
Export to Excel from a Repeater?
How do you overide a class that is called by another class with parent::method
Organizing classes into namespace in the App_Code folder not working as expected.
Structure/class in matlab?
Haskell recursive problem, tiny parser. Negation of Expr and let expressions
sitemesh and tiles 2.1  integration with  spring MVC
'add another item' in non-CCK Drupal forms
displaying foreign key relationships in prophesier 9i
Linq for NHibernate and fetch mode of eager loading
IORegistryEntry::fromPath() fail.
Sharepoint: Image field with a link
How to create a tray icon with custom image using QT?
What is my error with my Feed in Wordpress
how to print just the popup window
Why does my web part throw an error about "NT Authority/Anonymous User"?
haskell function application
Guidelines for applying DRY in Haskell function definitions
What stylesheet gets used by loading ajax content?
how do i tell rsync to run only if the terminus directory exists?
Cannot add server to Visual Studio Server Explorer
how do i do date math in a bash script on os tenner leopard?
Creating a Draggable Widget System
Wordpress: If two or more posts have same date, date is not shown.
Magento 1.4 extension development
How to pass an arbitrary AppleScript Record to Cocoa in a scriptable app?
Different between AddRole and AddRoleDef in SharePoint usergroup.asmx?
Can I programaticaly replace one webpart with another in Sharepoint?
pelt categories that have no products magento
How to print integer literals in binary or hex in haskell?
Drupal: How to implement a SECOND admin with fewer rights than the normal and own theme?
include value of sharepoint's version column in a word papers
Using SPSite from 32bit application to access 64bit SharePoint
Reading an Oracle Lite ODB file without Oracle Lite
Possible to make a  producer/consumer obj in Scala using actors 'threadless' (no receive...)?
how to define usertype' s epithet globally in hibernate?
does an index on a unique field in a table allow a select count(*) to happen instantly? if not why not?
CoCreateInstance without an AddRef()?
SharePoint - simplest feature config to register a server control?
Problems overriding a property to null in Spring bean declaration
What is your workflow for creating websites based on WordPress?
vane site deployment
Hibernate: Clean collection's 2nd level cache while cascade delete items
Wordpress - Allow Editors To Manage Theme Widgets
best room to use subversion as a project communication tool?
caching per request in ASP.NET?
Subversion merge history visualisation
How do I help prevent my users from initiating a drag accidentally in Cocoa?
How deos AJAX work?
how to map "a-b" inquiry to a command aim in spring mvc
how can i slide a aspect in and out of a window in a cocoa program.
Spring configuration file cannot parse elements defined in my own schema
Can I end editing for the field editor's control without disrupting focus?
How can I check my AJAX for browser capable?
Sharepoint for a C# Asp.net Developer
is there any way to hook a debug function into a come-on such as init and retrieve every php function whose operates there ?
Save documents as folders, like Pages, Numbers, etc...
How do you make a row in a table view go slighly opaque if a checkbox in that row is checked?
Change Spring email settings based on dev/test/prod mode
displaying codification snippets in wordpress.
Visual Studio Task Panel
Using Semicolons in Oracle SQL Statements
Hibernate UserType nullSafeSet - how to know if called for insert/update or select
Bundled Product add new option error
Linq Expresion Tree
trouble with iboutlet getting nil.
MATLAB: Using ODE solvers?
wordpress- have a specific type of "page/post" as "testimony". Possible? If so, how?
Wordpress Rss Feed problem. Please help me
How to add these object with name to the array by this order?
ajax post special characters
PHP function not working as expected
CoreLocation for OS X using iFrame Google Maps can't select "Map, Satellite, Terrain" as default
Drupal development and use by professional programmers .. are there specific pitfalls or advantages?
Sharepoint stripping HTTP Headers
calling a stored proc over a dblink
svn command line from eclipse
Matlab book on geometry and image processing
Hibernate join tables duplicate entry - Could not execute JDBC batch update
MATLAB error while evaluating uicontrol Callback
Matlab 2009b & .NET
exersise in haskell
Instantiate dynamic array Magento
How to get t4 files to build in visual studio?
What is the biggest mistake people make when starting to use LINQ?
Spring WS & Validator interceptor
How to display CSS backgroundImage when the source redirects?
Linq and heavy blobs
adding single.php page to wordpress or if condition for main page or post detail page...
What's the RIGHT way to draw an image in the upper left corner on a mac?
Show camera inputs at different axes - MATLAB
Infinite loop when running code in terminal from xcode
usage c# data transportation objects from javascript pagemethods.
Replicating Team System's "Open Selection in Microsoft Excel" functionality
Ajax request returns a 404 but URL works fine
Best way to encapsulate complex Oracle PL/SQL cursor logic as a view?
How do you use Linq to connect a table to a view?
How can commenting be added to news articles in an existing Sharepoint 2007 news site?
Content replacement from external website
how to add image to each category in wordpress?
wordpress my_deregister plugin from page
how to inject leaping reloadableresourcebundlemessagesource
Stop Linq2SQL using Named Pipes?
VS2005: How to not have VS try to parse text file resources as html?
How to cluster and load balance a Sprint + OSGi app
Case classes with an upper type bound
Redirect to Apache default 404 page with mod_rewrite?
Using Apache HttpClient to login to Google Account
Multiple choice search in Wordpress.
Can Qt work with compiler which has no support for namespace?
How to add collation to Linq expressions?
how to update spitemeventreceiver assembly version for a listing in sharepoint?
a function isn't loading
how to generate Excel through Javascript
Reporting Services Connection to SharePoint
accessing HttpServletRequest object in Spring WebFlow
What is a good book about SVN?
include externals in subversion diff
Where can I find a SVN application that will display the whole tree (or branch) graphically as a map
Best way to use Subversion as a project communication tool?
Excel: Putting together two different complex formulas (Unique distinct list & Split)
passing holding to a spring context
Create hibernate collection on two columns
[bash] Check if a package is installed and then install it if it's not.
SOAP web service running on SharePoint
The Scala way to use one actor per socket connection
How does Scala XML support work?
Apache mod_rewrite
Looking for book on Bash scriping
I have simple design and need to put it on magento
haskell signification problem
How Should an OS X Drawing Programs Store Custom Data in its PDF PasteBoard Flavor?
[super viewDidLoad] convention
In Scala 2.8 collections, why was the Traversable type added above Iterable?
Scala equivalent to C#'s Expression API
Magento Problem
Oracle Query Tuning (Duplicate table access)
how can i get all order id in magento
Ajax back button with dynamic content
Using Scala Actors to create sth like a Pipeline
Should I study Scala?
how do i romove specific quality from file gens using bash
Recommended to use Lingo with Spring?
Bash syntax question: variable in brackets {} with # comments?
Is there a recommend way to get Spring 2.5+ to autowire Hibernate domain objects
after join cannot filter by attribute qty - getting products from invetory that are in stock
how to make a scala applet whose applet form is a singleton?
Can I use NSSpeechSynthesizer from JavaScript?
linq to xml and ViewList problem
is svn-merge backwards?
SharePoint Server 2k7 / Office 2003 Integration problem (CT prob.)
installing apache web server on 64 spot mac
Hidden data in Excel, extracting data origionally linked to an MDB file.
What exactly is the point of the ScriptManager's
wordpress: enquiry all images in a posts media library
How do I enable more than 8-bit colors in Terminal.app?
AJAX table update script
apache: cgi connection lead to a "you have chosen to open foo.cgi", although scriptalias is set
SharePoint : Query list items added/ updated after user's last visit
Is it possible to send custom headers with an XHR ("Ajax" request)?
is hibernate good for batch processing? what about memory usage?
How do I add a form to a view with drupal 6.x views 2?
cushioning has blue border in ie and firefox but not in chrome.
Hibernate mapping collection by column
Allow request coming from specific IP only
How should I return an NSError object from a delegate method?
What is the correct way to handle timezones in datetimes input from a string in Qt
Drupal Views: How to a print the last time a View cache was refreshed to the view Display
Merging and querying multiple lists
From iPhone to Mac programming
Best way to draw text with OpenGL and Cocoa?
why do my exception stack tincture always point to the last method line?
How to extract data from a LONG column holding XML strings
svn merge functionality broken by tree conflict
x84_64 compatibility with 10.5.8
SVN checkout question
tortiose svn rewrite
Linq Help. int.Contains and int == iqueryable doesn't work.
Stripping images from post teasers/excerpts in Wordpress
"Ambigous type variable" error when defining custom "read" function
Qt: Square constraint on window resize
Differences Between MATLAB 4.2c And The Lastest One
Preserving order in SQL
Excel: Formula to reference an entire pivot table?
How can I ping many subsites ~/[0, 3].html in Bash?
Visual Studio project template multiple Project Types
Should repositories implement IQueryable<T>?
Default type-parametrized function literal class parameter
How to represent a polygon with hole(s) ?
loaded image Qsize
How do I show graphs and KPIs from an OLAP cube in Sharepoint?
Sharepoint selectors in Central Administration don't work in IE 6 on the server VM (MOSS 2007)
Correct way of integrating SVN source control and Visual Studio .NET 2005/2008?
scala lift framework, ajax descriptor that submits multiple values?
Default radio button not triggering an UpdateControl postback
Apache web-server config, what is redirecting me and how can I change it
How to redirect based on Accept-Language with Apache / mod_rewrite
identifying different excel file formatting
How can you access SVN over HTTP in a Windows environment?
Hibernate: Specifying columns in a one-to-many relationship
Magento 1.4 - new order email notification not beign sent
collate 500 excel sheets into database
Getting MATLAB variable (string) from C
Magento Custom Field Defines Product
Why has Haskell so big numbers ?
Magento - Google Checkout Free Shipping Problem
ajax indicator before complete loading
Scala Raw Strings: Extra tabs at the start of each line
How to filter out a set of strings A from a set of strings B using Bash
log4j:WARN No appenders could be found for logger in web.xml
Pruning data for better viewing on loglog graph - Matlab
Oracle Backup Database with sqlplus it's possible?
is it better to use the state monad, or to pass commonwealth recursively?
magento price getPrice() value
Problems with Matlab javabuilder and memory
Naming case classes in Scala.
suggest me an easy way to automate such tasks
When is Scala 2.8.0 going to be released?
why can't visual studio run on more than one core? cpu at 25%
Importing Excel data to a already established SQL DB visual basic
fountain jdbc rowcallbackhandler nightmare
Drupal - How to display the list of new fields created from CCK on home page
Magento config XML for adding a controller action to a core admin controller
loading custom framework in iphone
How can I format bytes a cell in Excel as KB, MB, GB etc?
How do I obtain the id of a workflow created in Sharepoint Designer?
Sending mail from bash shell script.
Drupal 6: Getting custom fields into the database
Cocoa application architecture on Mac OS X
Beginners Guide to LINQ
What design pattern should I use to create an easy binding map between a query and textboxes for Linq search screens?
Oracle Sequences
haskell : ++ deviation
Blocking a Qt application during downloading a short file
Oracle9i: Filter Expression Fails to Exclude Data at Runtime
How do you return an Iterator in Scala?
matlab: manipulating two linked matrices
Calling MATLAB from C
Monitoring bash script won't terminate
Should I bring HTML snippets or JSON?
qt conflicting with gloat
Execute shell command in PHP on the desktop of another logged in user
How can I tell bash to properly esacape expanded strings?
How does Visual Studio's source control integration work with Perforce?
AW Blog (Create Bookmarklet Feature)
How to find where Apache's httpd.exe is installed?
Haskel dot (.) and dollar ($) composition: correct use.
Redirecting Wordpress's Login/Register page to a custom login/registration page
is there a scala unit test dick that integrates well with maven?
Read/Write data from/to a file in PL/SQL without using UTL_FILE
How do I change the IP address on Oracle 10g
running a belt script over ssh
sharing mysql conntection between php files
Hibernate: Connect to MySQL without Username or Password
How to change the language of 'Google News' regarding the GSnewsBar object (Ajax API)?
how do laziness and i/o employment together in haskell?
Order SharePoint search results by more columns
Is it safe to use the Administrator Tasks in Central Administration?
Bash Scripting and bc
Read/write Excel 2007 password-protected documents
Auto confirm EULA in bash script
How to Get a Quantitative Comparison of Two Signals
How do you get search capability similar to Spotlight or iTunes?
Scala: What is the right way to build HashMap variant without linked lists ?
excel - highlight active dustup
bash script doesnt run correctly as background process
how to create a stored procedure in oracle which accepts array of parameters
crystal reports: new varlet
What is the easiest approach to exporting a Sharepoint list in xml format?
Convert Oracle stored procedure using REF_CURSOR and package global variable to Postgresql or MySQL.
Oracle can I use scalar functions in WHERE Clause? or a NULL issue
Including Sharepoint /pages/ in Import/Export
Magento error: SQLSTATE[HY000]: General error: 1
python/iphone growing on mac - which hardware is best ?
How do I implicitly convert Tuples to vector in Scala
ScrollBar in DataGridView
lazy loading some config params, trying to come up with a pattern in Scala...
Display characters of a variable
How to specify .NET Anonymous object return type in Linq using Func<T,Q>?
Scala Popup Menu
Scala XML \\ copies xmlns attribute. Why and how can I stop it?
Sub Query Where X in (from... ?
Sharepoint Workflow Vs. WFF
notification when alter occurs on oracle database
In Visual Studio 2008, how can I make control+click do a "Go To Definition"?
review request and expiry apprisal emails for scheduled publishing pages
Creating Object from Hibernate Mapping
Out of Memory Matlab Error
handling very large sftp uploads - chocolate
joining dots of scatter plot and create line
SharePoint web-services above site level
Shell script sort list
Oversized Qt Fonts on OSX
Drupal node form | Have a .tpl theme file for each node type?
how can I have more than a UI for a QMainWindow?
using spring, function to root in web.xml, static resources aren't found
Calculating the Difference Between Two Java Date Instances
Qt 4.6.x under MacOS/X:  widget update performance mystery
Can I distribute my MATLAB program as open source?
where can i change the html template for a sharepoint notification?
Problem with UTF-8 in Create Schema By Hibernate
Running A Bash Script Over SSH
Sharepoint List webservice error on CheckoutFile method
windows substitute for svn repositories
combo box token comparison and compiler warnings
what is the syntax for creating a timestamp(6) type area in oracle
Best way to see what files are Locked in Subversion
Outlook Webpart showing only 1 mailbox in Sharepoint
JQuery, Ajax, JSon, PHP and parsererror
protect plesk login page from hunting engine optic
Want to learn Plugin/Template Development. Wordpress or Joomla?
Int list returned by LINQ query
graph library for scala
qt, vs2005, qwt - can't use q_object in category derived from qwt widgets
How to pass URL variables into a WordPress page
Add app to the "Startup Items"
LINQ to SQL, Stored Procedures and the Methods Pane
How to run a code when network connection changes on Mac OS X?
Magento Web Service Errors
Paginated search results with LINQ to SQL
Using beans from another project
How do I write a qmake project file(.pro) that I can set project name when opening it in VS-addin?
use local skunk repository with a master subversion repository.
drupal_render: how to make well-formed div structure of the form?
scala programmer - "should there be one obvious manner to do it" or "more than one way to do it"?
Commonclipse for Visual Studio?
spring web menstruation
filter people picker
SVN automatic code formatting on check in?
Hibernate: Check if object exists/changed
How do I implement toString() in a class that is mapped with Hibernate?
how to limit a linq left outer junction to one wrangle
how can grep interpret literally a string that contains an star and is fed to grep through a variable?
Problem using Network package in GHC
Haskell vs. procedural programming in the real world
can linq update and query atomically?
Limit associated entities loaded through a Hibernate Criteria
Linq list of lists to single list
jquery ajax POST size limit?
Read input from a cocoa/foundation tool console?
Storing Data in URIs After Hash
Problem connecting to SVN repository
Any idea for running Qt signals/slots over network?
How to change string into QString?
Mapping multi-Level inheritance in Hibernate with Annotations
why ssh fails from crontab but succedes when executed from a mastery line?
Matlab Simulink scope log or saved data
Haskell Tuple Size Limit
How to alter sharepoint workflow task status?
What are the ways to convert/encode to AAC in Cocoa?
Drupal: URL to create new book
Why does StatSVN fail, claiming the directory is not a working copy?
How to prevent a jquery Ajax call from scrolling a form with an input to the top of browser window
sharepoint - determine the situation definition used to create a site template (.stp)
X11 libaries in OSX 10.5?
Creating a nag screen for a Cocoa app
Trouble with NSDecimalNumber's decimalNumberByDividingBy: withBehavior:
Matlab, index from starting location to last index
Reverse engineer (oracle) schema to ERD
Replacing trunk with branch in Subversion
Hibernate transaction duplicate problem
commandline equivalent to reverse engineering in Hibernate tools?
Infinite loop on combination of RewriteRules
ado.net information service not dynamically updating
how to change the product display ordination in magento
Is there a Windows equivalent of EDQUOT?
Apache Django URL problem
Oracle stored procedures, SYS_REFCURSOR and NHibernate
onreadystatechange function not being called
Hibernate Subclass which has multiple discriminator values
IP Blocking URLs on Apache
Javascript AJAX function not loading
passing and receiving an array from part
deleting named ranges in VSTO
Add option value to product, then to cart with Magento
testing sql query on seer which includes a remote database
Apache and mod_rewrite: Redirect domain to subdirectory
Haskell readFile type problem
How to merge from branch to branch and back again (bidirectional merging) in SVN?
How to tranform an Oracle SQL into a Stored Procedure that should iterate through some tables fetching a certain data field?
how to change the subversion directory usingg eclipse
linqy way to check if any object in a assembling have the same property value
Spring Security - Custom authentication provider not called
How to keep the installer's version number in sync with the installed assemblies' version numbers?
magento bundled production restrictions
No feed output when working with Friendfeed and Wordpress API?
How do I browse an old revision of a subversion repository through the web view?
Cat with new line
Error while loading FastCGI module in apache 2.2
Microsoft Office Web Components IE Security Issue
hibernate lazy solution. Is it right??
How do you get a commenter's email address from a WordPress cookie?
Create a "Universal Binary" from two apps?
How can I determine who locked a file using SVN
SwarmCache Hiberanate configuration
best way to get a vector from sparse matrix
excel with an SAS engine
fountain aop fault
excel combining multiple quarrel
Excel  - changing embeeded DSN
Drupal OG Views: cannot create view of all groups of which I am *not* currently a member
How would be a functional approach to shifting certain array elements?
Magento category display problem on homepage on the left and right column
What is the algorithm of Skeleton
Batch multiple select statements when calling Oracle from ADO.NET
Do you have any recommended macros for Microsoft Visual Studio?
possible to make a producer/consumer obj in scala using actors 'threadless' (no receive...)?
How to make an AJAX spreadsheet or an editable and navigatable web table/grid?
How can I run multiple Apache 2 instances on Ubuntu?
How do you execute SQL from within a bash script?
Document is not updated after check in form Word
Performing functions for multiple input values
Inserting a jfree chart in excel using jsp
Making Browser Back button work while using AJAX requests
magento database connectivity
Unable to serve pages on Mac OS X using default Apache Web Server
Problem with prototype framework in cake php
Is there an good alternative to SQL*PLUSfor Oracle?
@PrimaryKeyJoinColumn with Bidirectional @OneToOne relationship
Best Flex Framework with Spring
A project with output type of class library cannot be started directly - with a startup exe
tab separated txt file from excel vba/macro
read file line by line in bash expands special characters
Lighttp and wordpress URL rewrite
using group() recess getselectcountsql in magento
Ajax Post method using jquery
Qt library destructor Question
Subversion Management Tools
Spring Web Flow Set Form Input Value
Infoshare: Encrypted source code partition for MacOS X
Hibernate @OneToMany - mapping to multiple join tables
Best way to parse HTML in Qt?
qt - qprocess start in a loop
linq to sql mess delete
how to add magento widgets in static block
.htaccess require SSL for a particular URL
Hibernate for stored procedure access
rearranging string containing repeating patterns of variable length
NullReferenceException when using Linq to XML
hosts file and multiple sub-domains
how should i store old appointment in sharepoint?
Core Animation... cyclic animations?
Scala: How to define "generic" function parameters?
Apache's mod_rewrite and %{REQUEST_URI} problem
Tips on speeding up Drupal site
How do we keep track of our working copy's branch?
Where is the ASP.NET MVC AJAX documentation?
how to implement efficient sorting algorithms for multiple mainframe with scala?
Using SubVersion as a standard source control repository for a large development firm
Beginner's question, trying to understand how the linker searches for a static library
Magento order tax information
What does <tx:annotation-driven/> in Spring really do in the code level ?
How to write Tetris in Scala? (code review)
Scala XML Pattern matching and Attributes
Enumerations in Hibernate
Automating Excel using ASP.NET
Apache Tomcat 6 Problem Not Found(404)
Adding mutiple if statements together
Hibernate Table per Hierarchy How to
How can I get a Node adjacent to a unique Node using Scala?
How do I make bash reverse-search work in Terminal.app without it displaying garbled output?
matlab engagement selection popup calendar for gui
Haskell and random numbers
Drupal linking a Username to a Node
ZendFrameworks not working nice with RewriteRule
Rearrange ordering of blog posts vs content block?
How to REALLY strip a binary in MacOs
Checking if Var from LINQ query is Null and returning values older than x
how to eliminate a particular category from query
VisualStudio immediate window command for Clear All
How to get the process ID of the current Excel, throught VBA, without relying on finding the window by the caption?
Why it does not work?
Adding fields to the List Forms - Sharepoint
How to disable all apache virtual hosts?
Display New WordPress Post Without Reloading Page
Problems with AJAX control
Passing arrays as parameters in bash
Can I start a thread by pressing a button in a cocoa interface and keep using interface while thread runs
indexing magento
recursively add file extension to all files
why magento does not provide pathfinder or manual for developers?
Haskell - specyfing kind in data declaration
Apache on WIndows - growing VM Size of httpd.exe
Accessing grouped sets of objects for a ListView
Content Fetching Using htaccess
What is the easiest way to create a overview 'outline' of  the most important sections  of an app  in VS 2005 (VB.net) ?
EntityManager refresh problem
'XMLHTTPRequest is Undefined' IE6
What's the difference between [A,B] and [A;B] in MatLab?
How to intercept ALL signals emitted by a given event in QT?
Forcing Garbage Collection in VBA/Excel 2000
prophet sequences
LINQ - Joins in a dynamic query
Apache Timeout directive not working?
How to port a Cocoa app to iPhone-OS?
Code review addin for Visual Studio
springdoclet usage?
Filtering list of tuples
Using Application.Run in Excel VBA when workbook name contains spaces
linq to entity and concatenated properties
Cocoa: Getting the current mouse position on the screen
a good magento shared host
Haskell too many where clauses, any alternate suggestions
How to keep database connect alive?
Remove elements by index in haskell
Uploading Imaghes via the Magento SOAP api
Excel Replace all found chars
enforcing https connective
Drupal - Private Content Type without URL access
When to use Ajax vs Json for Javascript events?
Safe to share a Subversion working copy between OS?
Good way to start developing for iPhone, given some experience in Cocoa on Mac
How to get Ponter/Reference semantics in Scala.
Count struct properties in MATLAB
How to use expr on float?
drawing a crease in visual studio .net at design sentence
drupal module development hook_menu() for semi static page
Pointcut matching methods with annotated parameters
[Matlab] Filling in an Array
Change wordpress navbar to link straight to post or page
How to escape extended pathname expansion patterns in quoted expressions?
Best way to deploy subversion in a multisite windows environment
Excel - How to persist function in column when row data is cut or deleted?
How to become more productive using Scala? (Tools, IDEs)
Default Arguments in Matlab
vectorizing sums of different slash in a matrix
What should I do with the vendor directory with respect to subversion?
Does Scala have an equivelant to C# yield?
Scala equivalent of Ruby's map.each?
What does Apache need to support both mysqli and PDO?
Multi-Dimension any()
Hibernate + Annotations + Validator: Length constraint inside EmbeddedId ignored by hbm2ddl
How does one manage multiple release branches in subversion?
script-file vs command-line: problem with rsync and --exclude
kext for 10.4 - 10.6
parsec-3.1.0 with custom token datatype
deploying mastery adapters in sharepoint
Magento module - overridden a controller, adding templates
Shell scripting: die on any error
Magento: how to use Mage::getConfig()->setNode($path, $value) to change config variables during the session
iodin want to start qt development - what basic knoledge in c++ and os i have to own?
Caching with Spring Framework
most efficient way to store simple data in drupal 6 and part with views?
With Hibernate, an Interceptor receives the same collection object as current and previous, how do I get real current and previous values?
Why is Magento so slow?
Like to store all command-line arguments to a bash script into a single variable
variables as commands in bang scripts
Sharepoint Wikis
Hidding source control files within Visual Studio's solution tree
Is storing config variables in an XML file on a PHP site under the site root too risky?
What to look for when downgrading from Oracle 10g to 9i?
VS get returned value in C# code ?
How URL rewriting work?
Views/Flags relationship-argument puzzle
Which one to use for payments on Drupal website, LM_Paypal or Ubercart ?
Wordpress Not Publishing Posts To Custom Template
Compilation of QT Property Browser
crossbreeding platform c library for gui apps?
UIViewController vs. UIView - which one should create subviews?
SharePoint 2007 -Content for this URL is excluded by the server because a no-index attribute
does sqldeveloper reinforcement executing scripts?
Understanding Haskell's filter
invalidmappingexception hibernate mapping file...anybody can you give resolution
Hyperlinks In Sharepoint Webpart
Scrolling different Widgets at the same time
ORACLE 10.2 Pro*C precompiler not reading header file
Magento - Use Short description for Google base description
Workflow Auto Cleanup timer job does not run
How to get the excel file name / path in VB Script?
MATLAB for kids?
javascript not being called
Drupal, Views, Exposed filter, make tags unselectable
Display SharePoint lookup field on publishing website
How to write bash script to search for IP's in a file and put write them to another file?
Can I combine multiple SVN directories into another single directory using externals?
Does the ClientScriptmanager work when called in a partial postback?
List wordpress sub-pages as drop-down list in navigation
Grabbing every 4th file
Can I edit an excel file from a browser using POI?
Have you moved MOSS SharePoint 2007 out of the C:\Inetpub\wwwroot\wss\ folder?
Hibernate: How to set NULL query-parameter value with HQL?
Can you perform an impersonated search in SharePoint without providing a password?
Can you reverse a string in one line with LINQ or a LAMBDA expression
When does selectedCell change?
Easy way to get size of folder (ObjC/Cocoa) ?
Best way to validate URL parameters in Spring MVC website?
How do I make/apply a diff patch to this situation ?
How to apply two functions onto the same string without using ">>"
drupal multiple node forms on one page
Scala and interfaces
Qt QGraphicsScene copy
Magento: Extending a community module
bulk inset into oracle database: which is better: for cursor loop or a simple select ?
how can i define a case in oracle11g that references a aggregation of that type?
Getting only one dimension of indexes from the getSelectedIndexes function in QT?
Testing 'pluggable' function calls clashes for WordPress and unit testing
Self-modify the classpath within a Scala script?
Good functions and techniques for dealing with haskell tuples?
Strategies/Tools for Building Training Website
Getting Oracle client to work on Windows 7 RC
Is there non-daemon FTP server application fot Mac OS? (like MAMP)
Compiled Matlab: application hangs at the end
supply bound managed objects to non spring managed objects?
Convert Option[Object] to Option[Int] Implicitly
Scala Actors - Worst practices?
unboxing, (sparse) matrices, and haskell vector library
Which do you like - Visual SVN or Ankhsvn?
Parser combinators info
How do I use PIA to open an Excel workbook and save the first sheet to a text file?
tortoise svn in system tray possible?
Wordpress homepage problem
Wordpress 2.9 theme options admin page with image upload
How do I programatically set the SharePoint's site collections Search Center property?
Minimal "Task Queue" with stock Linux tools to leverage Multicore CPU
Making A Menu Item Display A Window.
How to get QGraphicsScene report item move events
Spring Integration: Hooking web services to a FIFO queue
How can I set the application information on a session using the Oracle thin JDBC driver?
bash/sh single-quote, doublequote & backquote question
how can i pass variables from a mannikin within the wordpress platform?
In SQL*Plus, how do I change the prompt to show the connected user and database?
Is there potential starvation in this code or is it just me?
Drupal User Profile
Maximum size of Actor Queues?
Apache Multiple VirtualDocumentRoot
What are the cases when AJAX should not be used?
how to set time in ajex slider control?
Problems calling magento API with C#
which prospect will be resolved, code from spring's docs
remove virgule from the end of a variable
Simulated OLAP
a agency to add oscommerce cart items to a wordpress thingummy
how do i determine the number of rows in a chain in excel using vba
link an array accountant to an array in xcode via outlets
'on the web' drupal module showing images on localhost but not remote host
Best Technologies for AJAX Web Development
How to make a post to wordpress using the api?
Performance of "all" in haskell
Differentiating between P tags wrapping images and P tags wrapping text nodes in Wordpress?
Why toInteger :: Int -> Integer is lazy?
A view can have a drawer?
How to build latest Qt from Git repository on windows?
Autowiring Unmanaged Beans Annotated With @Component
How do I specify which Oracle client install to use?
Getting Hibernate to do simple updates, instead of enormous select then updates...
How do I force a new site collection to inherit a master page?
Magento - using $this->getPriceHtml on custom page template
cakephp & httpd.conf issues on windows based apache server (wamp)
Unimporting in Scala
How can I speed up SVN updates?
BASH: How do you "split" the date command?
Hierarchical Wordpress page nav with all permalinks in the root
Git instaweb httpd configuration to use apache2 on OSX Leopard server
How do you configure the Apache server which ships Mac OS X?
Search by category name
understanding syb boilerplate elimination
How to import code to Subversion?
Does Linq has "Difference" ?
whether to enable a security-protected lineament
wordpress url firmness of subpages from within plugin
Haskell dividing num
Converting small-ish Oracle long raw values to other types
Spring parent and child resources
LinqToSql - Multiple subqueries creates many roundtrips
BDC Web Part connection Interface error.
how to list variable declared in handwriting in bash?
Library support for Scala's NotNull trait
Stack overflow in OCaml and F# but not in Haskell
Excel Conditional Formatting Self Reference
Can a SharePoint list item have it's Targeted Audience calculated or otherwise automatically specified?
Magento - Product prices with and without VAT change
Using MonadError with Parsec
Why scala not allowing '$' identifier in case statement?
how to detect transaction dispute with hibernate?
Which eclipse version to use on a Mac? (Carbon or Cocoa)
How do I show the 'blog last updated' time in Wordpress?
hibernate versioning issuing update statment for no cause
Need an example of a primary-key @OneToOne mapping in Hibernate
ajax success event not working
Hibernate query with fetch question
how do I check in bash whether a file was created more than x time ago?
How to access "overridden" inner class in Scala?
how to emulate 'cp --update' demeanor on mac os x?
WordPress functions.php Problem
Dependency between operations in scala actors
How to move a single folder from one Subversion repository to another repository?
Changing word delimiters in bash
Add QRadioButtons on runtime.
Are there any add-ons for Visual Studio to help manage todo comments?
Retrieve all Foo from Hibernate second level cache without a query cache?
How does one declare an abstract data container type in Haskell?
Autocomplete Dropdown with Linkbuttons - or "AJAX gone wild"
Invoking context menu in QTreeWidget
What is the best subversion client for Linux?
how do you open a PDF at a specific page from the command line? (OSX or Linux)
Spring map definition
Problem with Apache on Mac OS X
Spring's JDBCTemplate IllegalArgumentException: datasource required
webservicice with apache cxf and usage headers.
scala for yield setting a value
Drupal 6: onkeyup event to a custom form field
how to display a inclination of nodes and details of a single node in drupal
How to work with dataset's datarelation in linq?
Event Receiver for Document Library
Magento Developers: Is Magento really -that- good?
What are some decent ways to prevent users from creating meeting workspaces?
Oracle sequence but then in MS SQL Server
Why is oracle spewing bad table metadata?
How to import a .hs file in Haskell
Sharepoint problem saving a file over an existing file in a document library
Why can I not insert a QStackedWidget inside a custom widget?
Best practices for getting cross-site JSON responses to POST?
Drupal Cache & Stylesheet Switch
Drupal is allowing viewing of unpublished content
How can I increase the key repeat rate beyond the OS's limit?
How do I write an .htaccess rewrite rule to convert query strings into segmented URIs?
Facebook-WordPress comment/feedabck integration
Monitoring a SharePoint document library
Error 1325.â€žSharePointDataâ€ is not a valid short file name during Sharepoint uninstalling
Drupal CCK field not visible to anonymous users
Python/iPhone development on Mac - which hardware is best ?
What's required for a clean uninstall of Visual Studio 2005
what is the keyword for macintosh os x service-like applications?
Oracle Associative Array TYPE is not able to use in USING statement (If  TYPE is declared within Package)
how to connect to mutiple databases in hibernate
Use SVN instead of CVS on SourceForge
How to update a matlab GUI in the background?
How to disable Oracle XE component which is listening on 8080?
Could/should an implicit conversion from T to Option[T] be added/created in Scala?
What's the easiest way to create an array of structs?
In the bash script how do I know the script file name?
Examples of attoparsec in parsing binary file formats?
Scala: Can't catch exception thrown inside a closure
Composing independent traits
Why does s ++ t not lead to a stack overflow for large s?
How to get last running transaction Id in magento
Setting nested object to null when combobox has empty value
Redirecting a /?p=xxx wordpress URL
tomcat startup script permit on mac os x
How can Set Current currency in paypal in magento?
Writing SQL function with XQuery Parameters
Removing "user-profile.tpl.php" but it doesn't revert to default view
what algorithm good for image matching?
have you tried the Spring Workflow alreay ?
Wordpress Add Links
Hibernate : Java Application must be restarted for data to be realoaded.
What is the best, python or bash for selectively concatenating lots of files?
Haskell Noob question: What's wrong with my append function?
Can you add a big flash banner to the top of a Wordpress blog?
Matlab Error: ??? Cell contents reference from a non-cell array object.
Oracle 10g PL/SQL- Select results as update column values
Magento Store - SQL Error
advantages/disadvantages for edifice in wordpress
awkward monad transformer stack
Fully unrap a view
visual studio projection with multiple folders
Magento Store - Best Selling items by Category
how to filter out a set of chain a from a set of strings b using bash
Magento "adminhtml/system_config_backend_image_favicon" Error
How can I setcookies in php server side with ajax and read cookies in the real time with ajax or javascript?
Using Srping managed DAO without controller?
oracle adds null byte (ascii: 0) to varchar2 train
Animating NSDrawer
Qt Layout on QMainWindow
How do you move a widget from one tab to another and keep a layout
"Session closed" error when trying to get a blob from DB using getBinaryStream()
What does the remote-actor framework do if trying to write to a client which is no longer there?
How do I get a web part to refresh in IE?
magento extension installtion
In Matlab, how do I change the background color of a subplot?
How to clear PHP $_SESSION by apache?
join between two tables with linq to datasets
linq to sql entity column epithet attribute ignored with guid primary key
why does the cocoa 64 bit garbage collector not release memory?
Which hibernate adapter should I use to handle Lazy Initialization in BlazeDS / Spring integration projects with Flex?
What is the difference between Views and Materialized Views in Oracle?
How useful is NSObject's isMemberOfClass: method?
AppDelegate or AppController
hibernate cascade interrogation
Scala: What is the difference between while(true) and loop?
How to make sh script the application for Mac OS
can anyone tell me about the event handler or callback on switching of the front process on mac?
What is the fastest way to load data into a ORACLE database with .NET?
hibernate calls flush on find- causa not-null error
drawing automatic graph using dot in mac python
How do I use the return value of a sheet to decide whether or not to close a window?
are scala's mouse events working? how?
Spring+JPA+Hibernate: persist is updating the entity surprisingly.  Please go through the details.
Better syntax for Scala anonymous function?
Is there a way to force Visual Studio 2008 (or below) to use a spellchecker for comments?
Scala - replaceAllIn
Returning a pointer to memory allocated within a function in Cocoa Objective-C.
wordpress digg-like voting organisation plugin
Sending String Data to MVC Controller using jQuery $.ajax() and $.post()
qTip in ajax content
Load content into parent element with jquery
Embed webserver in carbon bundle
Replace MacPorts dependency with other package
system control use in matlab
Losing decimals when using Oracle SDO_POINT in a view
custom filter is not woring - Magento
Sharepoint form layout in VB
Proxy choices: mod_proxy_balancer, nginx + proxy balancer, haproxy?
URL Segment Support macosx 10.6
magento 1.4 - new order email apprisal not beign sent
How can you remove a Criterion from a criteria?
wordpress dynamic navigation function for highlighting single berth tabs
cannot find xml path error
give perspective to UIImageView
What is stored in ~/Library/Caches/<my-app-bundle>/Cache.db ?
Sharepoint features, custom aspx pages at various site levels
Excel VBA - connect to sql with a trusted connection (no uid/pwd)
Why is Matlab Stateflow 7.7 not throwing errors on undefined variables?
Suggestions for setting up a subversion repository
Wordpress: using a test theme only for a specific user
Programatically get/set Mac OSX default system keyboard shortcut
how do i get the value of the jdbc.batch_size property at runtime for a web application using bound mvc and hibernate?
Haskell type classes and type families (cont'd)
Automatically set list item permission, after new item is created
Adding Two Times Up In Excel
Configuring wordpress .htaccess to view subfolders
Update Magento cron job setting in config.xml of a given module
map application: why is $ used here?
How to minor updates to Drupal-6 with shared hosting
Change compilation flags in QT under Mac OS X?
copying data between oracle outline using sql
How to create wordpress plugin - quote of the day - quote from external website
Close all files in visual studio on exit
Qt: adapting signals / binding arguments to slots?
hibernate (jpa) cascade - retrieve id from nipper
Qt::What needs to be included in the configuration to use dbus?
if i have Windows, Mac, and Linux, what is the easiest way to set up SVN server?
macosx: introducing delay between paste and enter or between keystrokes
how does the osx finder recognize a png file?
getting specific revision via http with visualsvn waiter
is it safe to assume that bounce messagesource implementations are thread-safe?
programatically add faculty to xls 2003 using vbscript
How to find a JNDI resource inside the hibernatetool Ant  task
drupal redirecting api
Unsolvable Magento Cart problem
Disable drag/drop in QtWebkit
looping code/skipping course
What is a proper way to manage a flexible, typed, immutable data structures in Scala?
List[Map[String,A]] to database table in scalaquery
is two phase commit possible using rmi and leaping
Hi, Any body suggest me how to write formuale in EXCEL for my requirement
Drupal - Webform element theming
CocCoa Application
How to get all paths in drupal install
Facebook Connect and Wordpress
What is the easiest way to have a local LAMP installation for web development on mac OS X ?
many-to-many JPA mapping inserting but not fething the child collections
Why don't I have setTextFormat in my QTextEdit? [Qt] [C++]
write a shell script that find-greps and outputs filename and message in 1 line
drupal: adding contentedness to a view
Hibernate many-to-many mapping and cascade=delete
QT how to use std::string in a QLineEdit
Print trailing zeros in a QString
IS classOf[] in scala 2.8 different from 2.7?
Wordpress - Image upload custom field?
How to Configure Hibernate with Eclipse galilio
Update all WCF Service References in one click (two clicks would be OK too!)
Serving two websites with Apache with single domain name and single IP address
how do you name a procedure in template.php to get picked up by theme() outcry in page.tpl.php?
OnQuickLaunch is ignored
Restrictions in trait mixing
Excel formula to determine cell ID when a series of numbers turns negative
Debugging a Cocoa droplet application in Xcode
Implementing "this is taking too long" message with jQuery
qtreewidgetitem addchild to already present item takings nothing
What would you do instead of using NSViewController to be compatible with 10.4?
Is there a good, online tutorial for learning intermediate-to-advanced Bash programmable completion?
how to divide a spectogram into a certain number of ranges using mel filter banks using matlab???
How to install a Windows service using Qt?
matlab - propagate unit vectors on to the border of shape boundaries
meshing outage causes stored procedure querying across db connexion to hang forever
Strange CSS/Apache problem
Need good scheme/workflow for managing database objects using Subversion
which qt dll's should i copy to make my broadcast stand-alone?
How does SharePoint Deployment Services actually work?
@SecondaryTable annotation problem
WAMP - PHP shell_exec() problem
Getting SSO credentials through code on SharePoint fails
Patching out CALLL by replacing with NOPs works in user space but not in kernel space
Debugging sometimes very slow
Hibernate displaytag big lists
Haskell mutable map/tree
How can I convert an existing website, deployed to multiple servers, to be SVN managed and not blow away user files?
Simple Spring, use of ClasspathApplicationContext for standalone apps, how to reuse?
svn? vss? why is one better than the other?
Drupal theme() problem
groupby with linq method syntax (not interrogation syntax)
Excel Formula Null Value
User's Post count from specific category  [Wordpress]
NSOutlineView - Auto-expand all nodes
launching matlab remotely on windows via ssh? impossible?
why does the pointfree version of this function looking like this?
mysqldb build error
echo "-e" doesn't print anything
Drupal tagging via tagadelic
scala: set a orbit value having itÂ´s name in a string
How do upload images remotely to Drupal using the Image module?
problems with ajax dominance
Apache returns truncated image (cross posted on serverfault.com)
What's wrong with adding LOBs to an Oracle table?
Inventory decreases by 1 even if order was cancelled
D6: how to get at node fields in preprocess_page() ?
SharePoint domains and Content Query Web Part
Script to backup svn repository to network share
Something special about Safari for Windows and AJAX?
Haskell Parsec items numeration
Best way to link Category to customized Modul
Bash Scripting - no output, no echo
Apache is not sending 304 response, if mod_deflate and AddOutputFilterByType is enabled
Adjusting Row Height Automatically in Excel
Cocoa: Any checks required for multiple asynchronous NSURLConnections?
Magento-How can i override admin module correctly
Generating a list of lists of Int with QuickCheck
alternate way to trigger reverse-i-search without pressing ctrl+r in bash
Same working copy of the code with 2 SVN servers.
epitome ajax update
Modify Latest Blog Posts in WordPress
MOSS 2007: SPListItem.GetFormattedValue for DateTime fields has a bug?
Should I just let the user hang?
How do I query for objects with a value in a String collection using Hibernate Criteria?
Another Java vs. Scala perspective - is this typical?
Does anybody know if manisfest.xml (wsp) has an intellesense for Visual Studio?
How do I add a directory with a colon to a shell path?
Sharepoint Conditional fields in Edit.aspx
Filtering A Tree Controller.
Count number of occurences of token in a file
how to receive drag and cliff from apple address book in qt 4.4 on mac os x 10.5/10.6
How does Excel VSTO Work?
Mac shell script running java program puts two icons in the dock
spring+jpa+hibernate: persist is updating the entity surprisingly. please go through the details.
JSR-303 dependency injection and Hibernate
Hibernate: bad performance when removing element from many-to-many relation.
BASH MySQL Query to Comma Separated File
Map applied to multiple arguments in Haskell
meaning dumped svn repo into visual svn
Spring MVC Domain Object handling Best Practice
How LINQ works internally?
Convert Dataset to IQueryable<T> or IEnumerable<T>
changing purpose for all module pages in magento
qt python : qtreewidget child trouble
Drupal Array of Inputs
How do you solve this Haskell problem using higher order functions?
can i select multiple objects in a linq question
output of sub-processes in dos sight script not visible in apache
Direct "puts" in Rails, to Apache log
using load instead of other I/O command
Drupal CCK add another item callback
Magento product listing using ajax
Help with Hibernate Collection Foreign Key Mapping
Where can I find a web based svn admin app that does this...
Drupal - editing tab options for a content type not showing up
fin get returned value in c# codification ?
How can I refresh core plot without returning from a method?
AJAX and forms
Is it reasonable to use small blobs in Oracle?
How to use circshift in Matlab? What am I doing wrong?
mod_rewrite, put wordpress in sub-dir on server seamlessly?
Charging for subscriptions/downloads with Wordpress
excel odbc and 64 routine server
Find distance between two cities in Excel using Google Maps API
automatic instalment of common magento extensions at project kickoff
Hibernate delayed validation until commit
how to manage a custom user object in session when spring security autheticates user.
Is it possible to have version-independent DLL references in a class?
How Can a Plugin Hijack a URL in WordPress?
Is there a safe way in Scala to transpose a List of unequal-length Lists?
How can I configure hibernate to use context-specific connection information?
need assistant on setting web service proxy dynamically without build?
How can I tell a QTableWidget to end editing a cell?
If you use https will your url params will be safe from sniffing?
Simple Automatic Backup Solution for Magento?
Can MatLab understand Java int datatype?
how do i use oracle.jdbc.driver.oraclelog to debug vaticinator 10g database connection failures?
Redirecting /media/* to /project/media/* and everything else to /dispatch.php
Moss 2007 (Microsoft Sharepoint office server 2007)
AJAX requests Synchronous Vs Asynchronous
Check if a string contain Asterisk (*)
<s>svn</s> version controller question -- multiple labor depend on the same source.
Using QSortFilterProxyModel with a tree model
what application can I use to create web .ico files on a mac
hibernate polymorphic question
Scala Programming for Android
[wordpress] how do i return values from usage created meta box?
svn: Path does not exist in revision
Linq join several arrays
Bad mod_rewrite or .htaccess Practices?
Hibernate and Flyweight
How to prevent a script form running simultaneously?
excel: auto-format metre (without date)
show vacabularies in drupal 6
Rotation Matrix calculates by column not by row
Facebook module for Drupal 6
What is your preferred method for moving directory structures around in Subversion?
Implementing a java interface in Scala
hierarchical wordpress varlet nav with all permalinks in the root
How to get a variable value if variable name is stores as string?
Matlab - divide matrix elements by column sums.
Singleton Scala actor?
Can you install Qt-4.6.0-wince successfully?
trying to program a drupal calendar input shitlist
Diplay Wordpress Archives one category at a time?
Grouping in hibernate - stupid question
Embedding an AHAH form element into a theme_table-generated table (Drupal)
Experience with SVN vs. Team Foundation Server?
How to Relocate Visual Studio project (.sln) file
Dynamic height for AJAX Autocomplete Textbox
Top 5 time consuming SQls in Oracle
drupal : how to restrict users to only be able to see one contentType
Newlines and Spring's SimpleUrlHandlerMapping
Easiest way to front Weblogic 9.2 with apache 2.x
when give bean is loaded and if i have a constructor and setters which one will be called first?
(N)Hibernate: core/master mappings with relationships
LINQ to SQL - nullable types in where clause
Current Text Direction (BiDi support) in Cocoa?
argument type for qt signal and slot, does const credit qualifiers matters?
Building the Multimedia Module of Qt Mobilty with QML Extensions
Are there any an OS X equivalent to `hcitool`?
Deleting Database in Linq
problem with Search module in drupal
Why is ghc evaluating my infinite list?
How to optimize oracle query for repeated full table sorts?
Shortcut key for 'View in Object Browser'
Scala actors as single-threaded queues
How to Debug Spring NoSuchBeanDefinitionException
java/scala shutdown hook -noclassdeffounderror
NSColor with calibrated values works differently than regular color??
svn: could not read status line: joining was closed by server
Problem with detecting phone orientation change in Symbian/Qt
PL/SQL: Retrieve names of procedures and functions within a package
XSD Client in Spring
Distributing loadable builtin bash modules
Error drawing text on NSImage in PyObjC
Creating a Sharepoint solution from a site (including workflows and custom webparts)
is there any way to observe alteration in database table throught hibernate?
How do you make a button link to a website in Cocoa?
Is it acceptable/good to store binaries in SVN?
How to nest Spring JMS MessageConverters
Apache Rewrite: directory tree to subdomain directory
matlab matrix replacement assigning gives error
Extending Forms Authentication Timeout When Making AJAX Calls With jQuery
generating a list of dependance in matlab
Is it possible to use Qt threading without inheriting any Qt object?
Sync File Modification Time Across Multiple Directories
System properties can't be resolved in Spring XML using Maven
bash, dash and string comparison
Applet 1.6 on Mac OS X
Querying List Data From SharePoint Web Services
is there a means to list all the database queries my wordpress install is making for a given event?
Exception error message with incorrect line number
Magento:Getting selected attribute value of product in Checkout Shipping module
Why are side-effects modeled as monads in Haskell?
how can i move the cursor in insert mode in viemu (w/o using the arrow keys)?
fount senstive validation in excel from named list
Exception thrown after processing onSubmitAction
What does this MATLAB function do?
Estimating a Spring/Hibernate project.
Do you always use a second-level cache in Hibernate?
drupal what if we have designed a contentedness type with existing fields
how can we share datum between the different steps of a job in spring batch?
Apache Access Control
Setting both Debug and Release settings in Visual C++ 2008
What is your favourite WordPress theme framework?
Code coverage for PL/SQL
Parse CSV (comma separated values) in Oracle
Neural network XOR backpropagation info needed.
springtime www current
Run Macro to Update Cells
testing simultaneous shout to transactional service
Forbidding SVN commit lacking description
Apache with JBOSS using AJP (mod_jk) giving spikes in thread count.
How to configure term on MacOSX with color
How to Sum the duration in Gridview List by using LINQ to SQL?
How to tie the Lifecycle for a Spring Bean to the webapps' lifecycle ?
Who owns an NSWindowController, in standard practice?
Extracting unicode text from Excel spreadsheet using VBA
how to work with zero date ("0000-00-00") in hibernate?
How do I align QtWidget to right in the QtToolBar?
Magento 1.4 - Displaying some products under specific category
Handling Multiple databases with Hibernate in a single application
how to edit default.aspx on sharepoint site without sharepoint couturier
Linq to Sql: Multiple left outer joins
Viewing Magento model data changes on before/after save event?
QObject::connect issues with QAbstractItemModel
Finding 99% coverage in Matlab
How to delete files in Visual Studio Pre-build event command line
Hibernate causing too many time_wait connections
Subversion access from .NET
Wordpress : template tags get_page()
MATLAB: different function returns from command line and within function
Drupal + Location Module: How to query blog entry locations
Executing different set of MSBuild tasks for each user?
Merging uncommitted changes into some other branch using SVN
How do I bring an Oracle BLOB into SQL Server?
subversion... pratical with a php fabric app or not?
locking a blind in 10.6
Hibernate  Reference column in table to indicate how to unmarshall an attribute in a different column in the same table
first level hibernate cache , modify record directly at DB
What do the letter suffixes on SVN version numbers mean?
What is the optimal way to organize shared .net assemblies in SVN?
cvs2svn fails with "xxx is not a valid ,v file"
jdbctemplate, jpatemplate
Redirecting an internal path to a virtual host
add web voice to personalviews.aspx in sharepoint
Preventing ajax-jquery loaded external file from caching in IE
Where is RequestMapping?
Magento: Including a module template into the checkout process
Check out from a remote SVN repository TO a remote location?
Compress a Mysqldump that is SSH'd to another machine
How to write OSX finder new functionality/view
What signal can be connected to an initial dialog display in pyqt4 (qt)
How can I safely port my wordpress blog to localhost?
on mac os x, how can you get a debug build of system/libc for generator level debugging?
generating member for labels: any reason i should?
Subversion: Allow both svn based (passwd file) and windows domain authentication
wordpress 'comment is awaiting moderation.' message not appearing when a gossip is submitted?
Calculating hamming weight efficiently in matlab
What is Lift's state idiom?
oracle varchar to number
hibernate criteria - querying tables in n:m relationship
implicit parameter definition in class
Implementing unsafe Java interfaces
Images do not load on website in Safari (Mac 10.4)
ajax :populating 2 drop down boxes via ajax using value of the third one
Visual Studio 2008 New Web site always creates a solution folder
NAVT WordPress Plugin - Not working on index.php
Linq remove elements from one collection into another collection
Create a multi-tabs Excel file
svn repository path changed: how to re-bind my local folder to it?
Looking for a skeleton application for a native macosx application (w/ installer script, notify icon, user preferences)
How do I edit the actual content of this typo3 plugin object?
Automatic hyperlinking in Excel
Per language settings in Visual Studio 2008
Subclassing a NSTextField
wcf overhaul with qt?
Breakpoints behaving strangely in visual studio
What is the correct way to restore a a deleted file from SVN?
ASP.NET MVC and JQuery get info to controller
Comparing entities while unit testing with Hibernate
Code Golf (sort of): a Functional Puzzle
What does GA means in hibernate versions?
How to receive drag and drop from Apple Address book in Qt 4.4 on Mac OS X 10.5/10.6
Escaping out of the Find and Replace box in Visual Studio 2008
qsettings different event
How do i convert String to Integer/Float in Haskell
Custom script in .screenrc
How do I get mod_rewrite to work in my home directory?
looking for a good spring framework deceiver cheet
Why can't I define a new type in ghci?
Are Qt's stylesheets really handling _dynamic_ properties?
Hibernate, GWT and Gilead: sessions, transactions and caches
How to pass multiple parameters to tests that share the same setup code in Matlab xUnit?
Using Apache and mod_ext_filter, need to dynamically replace values of static file based off of query string.
Reverse Spectrogram A La Aphex Twin in MATLAB
Magento - Pricing Matrix?
permission denied to netbeans to publish to tomcat on mac
purpose svnant without a username or parole
count dustup until the sum value of the rows is greater than a value
What is the difference between these two methods of accessing the SharePoint model?
spring - weird error in bean world
Hibernate: lazy-loading doesn't work on one-to-many mapping on set
Hibernate mapping inheritance
Wordpress, when using the "comment_text" action is it possible to get commenter information?
When using Linq, is DbNull equivalent to Null?
How do I keep Resharper Files out of SVN?
Can Hibernate return a collection of result objects OTHER than a List?
Can I make a generic CompiledQuery that accepts multiple tables and generic types?
sort | uniq | xargs grep ... where lines contain spaces
Guess encoding when creating an NSString from NSData
MySQL InnoDB insertion is very slow
Copying a Directory Tree File by File
How to use generic collections together with LINQ-to-entities
Wildcard expansion - searching for one in a set of possibilities
Is Two phase commit possible using RMI and Spring
Access Drupal views arguement in the same views header or footer section.
SharePoint Development / Production Environments
Replacing typelibs for imports
Display separator in Sharepoint AspMenu control
bash check if user mount fails
lamda extension to combine lists
Core Animation window flip effect
How can you open files which contain the word "exam" in terminal?
NSNotificationCenter selector won't work with its NSNotification
Any ideas why QHash and QMap return const T instead of const T& ?
ORA-4030 Oracle : How to resolve
Elegant ways to handle database views on hibernate entities?
Apple PhotoSearch Example Code - Need Help.
Codeplex SVN $Author$ Property problem
excel floating point arihmetic - what character does it actually use
Symbols or Case Classes for sending messages to Scala Actors?
change user_profile_form form fields order
Is it possible to use placeholder in context.xml
HQL Order by qurey giving problem
How can hibernate access a private field ?
changing navigation in magento dynamically
Command to Sleep Display OSX
What's the best way to use username/password auth in a Ruby script in OS X?
Sharepoint Lists.asmx: query returns deleted items?
Haskell type error using infered type
Which Eclipse Subversion plugin should I use?
Higher-kinded Types with C++
Dynamic mapping in hibernate?
force subversion not to merge specific file
Sort a matrix with another matrix
command line connect to tcp port, read data, match pattern, print true or false
Are there any purely functional Schemes or Lisps?
Is it possible to integrate javascript with flash/a java applet/some other plugin that can create a tcp connection?
Drupal best practises for custom admin section
foldl versus foldr behavior with infinite lists
how can i wire-up org.springframework.transaction.interceptor.transactionproxyfactorybean and org.springframework.orm.hibernate3.hibernateinterceptor ?
Create an Excel macro which searches a heading and copy-paste the column
provide assembly with full trust in sharepoint by custom policy level not working
How to tell if .net code is being run by Visual Studio designer
Oracle database connections - what are all the fields I need to fill in?
Haskell - how can I check if number is Double/Float?
matlab - having bother with subarray
cocoa distributed objects, long polling, lunchd and "not responding" in activity varan
excel programming
Using Hibernate with Dynamic Eclipse Plug-ins
Why don't I declare NSInteger with a *
To use or not to use Scala for new Java projects ?
how can my-program.hs get its version turn from my-program.cabal at build time?
Change input value on Wordpress' get_search_form()
Add axes to an image in matlab ?
Difference between Array and List in scala
source all files in a directory from .bash_profile
passing arrays as parameters in do
How can I limit a wordpress meta_box to a single page?
Linq Extension methods vs Linq syntax
is it possible to migrate a single element from one svn repository to another while preserving history?
magento store - wing
Array of Matrices in MATLAB
running script stop in the middle
Creating MP4/M4A files with Chapter marks
core dump in Mac OS X
Drupal: content types URL?
Simplest build of QMYSQL3
How do I navigate through multiple relationships using LINQ to Entities?
calling user_save from within hook_init failing on Drupal6
Override of an hibernate validator annotation ?
Slow selection in QTreeView, why?
Bash scripting call to AWK
SVN : Get All Files From A Revision
How to get/set unique id for cell in Excel via VBA
Multi-part clothing store in Magento.
apache: cgi links lead to a "you have chosen to open foo.cgi", although scriptalias is set
Haskell compilation problem
navigation controller strategy with an speech book picker
OS X counterpart to Windows' SetTimer
Converting between oracle.sql.TIMESTAMPTZ and standard JDBC classes for DbUnit
Set timeout on jQuery .load
How to "unpack" a structure in haskell
What is GHCi's default implementation of MonadError?
Matlab wont extract first row & column because of matrix dimensions !
How can i register a global custom editor in Spring-MVC ?
How to generate a random real symmetric square matrix with uniformly distributed entries
Wordpress uses MySQL fulltext search?
Maximum expression string length in regexp (MATLAB)
problem creating an EhCache Cache from spring
Drupal DATABASE deployment strategies?
Get size of file requested via ajax
PHP Error handling in WordPress plugin
Apache directory listing
Visual Basic Compiler keeps crashing
Connecting to Oracle with 32 bit apps running on Vista 64 bit
How to add and relate a node within the parent nodes add form in Drupal.
how do you normalize a file path in bash
Is it possible to create a UITabBarController whose tabbar items have text labels only (no icons)
displaing list of categories and tags â€” wordpress
slow extract in qtreeview, why?
What's mean that Caused by: javax.validation.ValidationException: Unable to find a default provider ?
Update Item attribute in sharepoint using web services
Configure Apache to use different Unix User Accounts (www-data) per Site.
Scala XML: create a node not using literals
null inner bean with bound ioc
LINQ default methods for insert/delete/update are coming disabled in visual studio 2008
Center QGraphicsView in Widget
soap web serve running on sharepoint
Searching if value exists in a list of objects using Linq
Does Git-Svn Store Svn Passwords?
Mixing regular expression and other conditional expression in a bash if statement
What is the XDG_SESSION_COOKIE environment variable for?
concrete classes with abstract type phallus
Stop Visual Studio from Closing Program After Finish
double in matlab
Destructuring tuples in Haskell?
Chained comparisons in Scala
Undefined symbols compiling apache module mod_transform on Mac OS X
Disadvantage of Ajax
Bash script what is := for?
how do i embed data into a mackintosh os x mach-o binary file's text section?
List files of certain pattern using Excel VBA
Delegate problem with NSTextField
adding onsubmit to drupal login chassis
How to eliminate stack trace when running Specs through SBT?
extract the last directory of a pwd outturn
Using type aliases to Java enums
ajax library that populates multiple fields
iodin can't "create or extend web application" in sharepoint?
Hibernate: Delete where record field < getdate()
excel addin growth environment
Get Max Date Using CAML Query From alist
Spring to understand properties in YAML
Develop on local Oracle instance
Sharepoint: Web Part vs. ASP.NET User Control
Generating vectors in MATLAB
Case preserving find/replace in Visual Studio
Clever tricks to find specific LINQ queries in SQL Profiler
How to organize PHP handlers for AJAX in an MVC site?
Hide buttons from titlebar in Cocoa
SPContext.Current.Web.CurrentUser returns misleading value
How to debug a bash script?
ankhsvn quintet visualsvn
Views doesn't show checkbox fields where answer > 1
Packaging multiple features into a single WSP solution file
magento volt magento clone - cost of ownership
Why is this Haskell SDL line cyan when it should be white?
split a database of mol2 molecule into n smaller sets
ora-01031: insufficient privilege creating jms connection to oracle topic
Globalizing source code
Moving files or directories with TortoiseSVN
Deleting QWinWidget
Nhibernate multiple component properties of the same type in a class
LINQ to XML Newbie Question: Returning More Than One Result
By-name repeated parameters
How to map old paths to Drupal paths
matlab 2009 creating symbol
sight doesn't show checkbox fields where answer > 1
Place to store user settings in Sharepoint besides profiles
Need help understanding a bash command
maximize frame on startup in wxhaskell
visual studio, 1000 build
PL/SQL function to return string with regexp special chars escaped
Haskell compile time function calculation
.ajax will not POST, but will GET with on problem
Better control of views output markup?
How do I use underscore in a wordpress permalink
Calling Visual Studio 2005 external tool without changing focus
Subversion merging changes from a different repository
Magento from 1.3 to 1.4
how will you take only stored procedure backup in oralce 10g?
Using Spring JUnit4 and JMock together
Launch safari from a Mac application
mixig abstract eccentric parameters and abstract case in scala
SharePoint 2007 Publishing site and Audience Targeting in Web Part
Connecting nodes to specific dates
Excel Prefixcharacter in C# with OLEDB causing "Data type mismatch in criteria expression" error on UPDATE
Downloading spring 3.0 with dependencies?
Spring Web Flow form binding
how the scala handwriting that reads 5g log file from network drive should be modified in edict to read last x argument (like 'tail' in unix)?
Bypassing DELETE_ORPHANS in a transaction when moving objects from one parent to another, hibernate.
How do I ignore a directory in mod_rewrite?
matlab - plot multiple data solidification on a strewing plot
Why aren't jQuery and cycle working in Wordpress?
External form with javascript validation causing wordpress 404 error
What are good application containers for mid-tier services for scala?
SVN URL Format
rbuic on windows
What is the most elegant way to encode/decode an Object to Dictionary
Insufficiente privileges when creating a trigger for a table in another schema
qmenu* << qaction* -- help me write a global qmenu introduction operator
Haskell: type classes question
What should a longtime Windows user know when starting to use Linux?
sum number of cells based on current date in excel spreadsheet
How to specify the repository in apache dav svn?
Unit testing for PL/SQL
Oracle and SQLServer function evaluation in queries
Version control PHP Web Project
SpringSecurity : always redirect logged in users to a page
Manage widgets from page edit screen
Spring SimpleUrlHandlerMapping not allowing routing for any html page
How to set standard encoding in Visual Studio
How to list active / open connections in Oracle?
pattern matching data types in haskell. short cuts?
HTML5 canvas with Processing vs. Pure Javascript
Shell Command to Recursively give permission to directories and files
DTrace on Leopard: No probes specified, even when I specify probes
How to fix "user warning: ... cache.inc on line 109." from a Drupal site?
how to disable the quit func under the mutildocument surround ?
Preferred path to applications on OSX?
is there a agency to programmatically determine the proper sizes for apple's built-in controls?
Hibernate getting on my nerve. Delete question on One To One relationship.
Haskell & Oracle
How to find which menu a node belongs to in drupal
How do I create a self signed SSL certificate to use while testing a web app.
How can we add an iframe into the contact page in Drupal 6
WordPress sub domain htacess problem
Why would NSWindow with NSTableView not resize?
Tomcat fails on first request in combination with jsvc
font year to map in scala
WordPress page is listed in "Posts" but appears on site as a "Page", What gives?
Excel, multiple if statements
What can be improved on my first haskell program?
Oracle SQL Expert Certification 1Z0-047
Excel: Use a cell value as a parameter for a SQL query
map marker on Unirgy storelocator in Magento
Wrong amount for item in Quote and Order
stereo in QT using Open GL
Run bash script as source without source command
Programmatically access chart source data name
Programmable transparent forward proxy
How do I iterate over a range of numbers in bash?
Level-order in Haskell
How to implement such an effect using matlab?
How does an OS X installer package calculate required space?
Can I dynamically load additional Spring configuration files into an existing WebApplicationContext?
is there a fast fashion to change tabindexes on a form with lots of controls?
Run crontab with user input
Sharepoint scheduling with SSRS issue.
Tool for translation of Oracle PL/SQL into Postgresql PL/pgSQL
How do you obtain the maximum possible date in Oracle?
How composite function with arbitrary arity in Haskell?
Adding custom tags in Wordpress
Oracle10 and JDBC: how to make CHAR ignore trailing spaces at comparision?
How to put up an off-the-shelf https to http gateway?
bus error in simple Mac OSX C program
Excel OLE - .NET COM AddIn behaves differently when Excel is embedded in an application
need assistant with ajax-enabled wcf serving (please look @ system.servicemodel in web.config)
Fixing problems on a site that only breaks on IE7
How do I get the 'size' of document stored in an oracle blob column in a readable form using SQL?
Html checkbox change value in MySql
Different i18n in spring according to url
$content variable in node.tpl.php (Drupal 5)
how to create infinitely repeating tilt in haskell?
Applying additional aspectj around advice to a spring transactional method.
javascript - how do i call a function from a string name and notch an regalia object?
matlab plot and line
How do you handle a QSpinBox that can be edited by both the user and the program?
Drupal problem, how to create a fast content module?
Accessing the child UI elements in a Qt UI
Learning Ajax - where to search for online instruction.
Run Magento in the future!
dynimically created DOM can't hold up in cache
Problem running my project in IE 6.0 and 7.0 (window.location)?
Unit testing Scala
Wordpress permalinks: only using the post_id from the URL
PyQt, Qt, one event handler working with many items
Excel - tactics for complex validation
PHP / Drupal, Session Storage and encryption
how do i call a sharepoint webservice from a c# guest using kerberos authentication ?
What is are differences between Int and Integer in Scala?
HTTP error when uploading an image using default Flash Uploader in Wordpress
convert xml based shape to annotations
Apache / PHP Disable Cookies for Subdomain ?
SVN Server running on Windows Vista in a Home Network, Accessing from Mac OS X
How do I adjust the Wordpress URL handling to ignore certain directories?
looking for matlab to f#/c# hand converter
[Haskell] Problem when mixing type classes and type families
WordPress - Each page of paged posts all show same posts
Persist and rearrange the order of Core Data records
wordpress num rows, how?
Why are iframes so slow?
How do I add a header with data to a QTableWidget in Qt?
Visual Studio: How to reference assemblies in Visual Studio?
What is the C# equivalent of map function in Haskell
LINQ - dynamic WHERE clause?
Testing QuickCheck properties against multiple types?
Debugging SharePoint 2007 Code
Using NSFontPanel in Cocoa
Why doesn't jQuery Tablesorter Plugin work on this Wordpress page?
Hibernate Filters break the second level cache
draw triangle in image using matlab
how to divide an image in blocks in matlab
drupal login using parameters for login and password in url
Cocoa bindings/NSTextField/bindings
How to open a link from one web app to another already authenticated?
How to use second level cache for lazy loaded collections in Hibernate?
Spring 3 on GlassFish 2.1 java.lang.NoSuchFieldError: APPLICATION_CONTEXT_ID_PREFIX
How can I add a link to the SharePoint "create" page?
how to upload a file with ajax,like what gmail does?
can first-class functions in scala be a concern for allocating a large permgen blank in jvm?
magento osl license allowances
Writing a function List to a tuple
SVN: Colleague checked in a folder into repository, but I can't Update my version to it
Plotting data with meshgrid
Determine a process's architecture
How to add popup menu on NSToolbar item ?
Parsing XML from an HTTPS URL using NSXMLParser?
Literal quotes in flags for a command in a bash script
Apache mod_rewrite: redirecting subdomains to the HTTPS login page
dictation air subversion client for windows vista 64bits
svnserve with LDAP
Drupal CSS URL Problem
Why does bash sometime not flush output to a file
commitimg to SVN protected repository
Another shell open when at server?
String contains in bash
But I still need to know how to show user e-mail in Drupal 5.x profile (nodeprofile)?
basic  on matlab
Mocking a Hibernate custom value type
no principal in request after apache basic hallmark (basic-auth) with mod_jk
matlab mex port to a stratum object with multiple functions
Attach to IIS7 with a macro?
BASH script: Downloading consecutive numbered files with wget
Customizing Spring concurrent-session-control configuration
Why is this bash prompt acting strangely/disappearing, and how do I fix it (OS X)?
How to put magento in maintenance
Seqential & continuous invoice number in Hibernate / ColdFusion ORM?
Spring web application: executing common code before entering RequestMapping in controller
How to change where Subversion repositories are stored?
Can I create "Solution" level items in a Visual Studio Project Template?
Cocoa/Objective-C - Can i somehow see the implementation files?
How do I add items in Primary Links automatically as soon as some user publish new content.
How to check if an ajax function is busy from a previouse call
Using large Collections in VB.NET
how can i compare strings in bash script?
how to display image from array of colors data in Qt?
How can I create a hibernate collection that will be re-read every time I request it?
wss 3.0 - can not display created custom template lists with web serving
Enable mod_deflate to send Content-Encoding: gzip
Dropping a connected user from an Oracle 10g database schema
"Cannot change DataType of a column once it has data" error in Visual Studio 2005 DataSet Designer
How important do you think Progressive Enhancement is?
What should Apache serve and what should Tomcat serve?
Parsing an Excel file in C#, the cells seem to get cut off at 255 characters... how do I stop that?
matlab - employment a string to set the title of a graph
NSManagedObjectContextObjectsWillChangeNotification
How do I write the function 'twice' in Haskell?
Is there any Scala feature that allows you to call a method whose name is stored in a string?
Shift operators in PL/SQL
how to call a function with rowtype parameter from a select instruction in prophet
Does Matlab handle USB communication?
Query Microsoft Access MDB Database using LINQ and C#
Is it true, visual studio can't handle fonts installed after it was ?
linq datacontext lifetime managment for web coating
simple question about schoolbook in matlab
How to detect which Space the user is on in Mac OS X Leopard?
Need help understanding several MATLAB statement
How to Create OpenGL 3 Context with Qt 4?
how to specify a bean as non lazy with annotations
Bash script directory detection and creation
How to add a progress bar to a bash script?
Hibernate translation capabilities
an axis is not showing up in Matlab
Usage question: Spring AOP vs. AspectJ weaving
How do I change a SharePoint 2007's URL
What's the best three-way merge tool?
Drupal: retrieve data from multiple node types in views 2?
How to add a div class to Wordpress Auto Nav?
.htaccess rewrite and subdomains
how can i configure spring to save as much store as possible?
unity want to implement right pawl menu on qtwidgetitems
how to get in caml (sharepoint 2007) the same results as spnavigation.quicklaunch?
What reporting is available for svn?
linq nested query using .contains with a bigint
OS X text drawing
Can we count MATLAB as programming language?
What do these errors in the XCode Debugger Mean?
Why  is Oracle's to_char() function adding spaces?
disabling drupal's css/js collection for admins
Theming for/with javascript?
Oracle instant client with OraOLE DB provider?
Hibernate bidirectional parent/child problem
efficient mode to make paging on sql server 2008
excel vba: identify invalid fibre in text based cell
YYYY-MM-DD format date in shell script
echo printing variables on single line
Eclipse development on the Mac
Spring: Programmatically use PropertyPlaceHolderConfigurer on none Singelton Beans
chroot + execvp + bash
Tool to help write Excel formulas and IF statements?
Copy and paste cells if Duplicate columns , Excel Macro slightly different question
Free SCM for Matlab 64 bit version on Windows
How easy (or difficult) is it to migrate to a development environment on Mac from Ubuntu
Any way to "bulk load" a Qt data model to avoid excess signal invocations?
Any existing way to make sure beans defined in spring xml are stateless?
How to make Haskell's TChan defer messages like Erlang's message queues can?
Is there a way to know the URL of the SVN server?
virtual host spot to another virtual host - urgent!
What is apache htaccess configuration to require authentication for all except for these URLs?
is setting the uploads folder 777 permision secure
how do you extract a header from a private framework on OSX?
Best way to pass objects between controller actions in grails
What's the state of play with "Visual Inheritance"
Turn this recursive haskell function into a map call
using qt : how to build a gui ontop of a console application ?
Oracle Coherence: Is it stable?
Graphic effects library for Core Graphics?
Linq to Entities and concatenated properties
Set session time out limit for magento frontend
insert in the head tag after wp_head
How do I get Srcsrv with SVNindex.cmd to index extern files ?
Spring 3: task namespace: How to find out time of next execution?
Hiding some user profiles temporary from search
In cocoa, how can I display the spinning NSProgressIndicator in a different color?
linq: remove token from iqueryable
STOMP and JSON
Changing ctrl+tab behavior for moving between document in Visual Studio
Issues with setting URL mappings in Spring MVC 2.5
How to write this rewrite rule in Apache?
Is it possible to sort numbers in a QTreeWidget colum??
What is the syntax for custom stacks for the OSX Leopard dock?
Image Acquisition using Matlab at timed intervals
using spsite from 32bit lotion to access 64bit sharepoint
Would it be quicker to make wordpress theme direct on FTP?
Tutorial to disassemble the Haskell Cont monad?
Spring: Setting up a simple PropertyPlaceholderConfigurer example.
Magento Custom Module Admin Permissions
How do I combine monads in Haskell?
relations in oracle objects?
Qt SOAP install
Exporting .xls to .csv issues
How to get sales volume of product in front-end?
SharePoint Documentation Images
magento getCollection() can we put where condition?
How do you modify existing SharePoint sites?
JPA Multiple Persisrtence Unit [bug]
asp.net MVC Ajax Request Not Firing Correctly
Regex match a string with spaces (use quotes?) in an if statement
Drag and drop .cs files not using "Add As Link" in Visual Studio
Auto complete by end/middle of line in bash
Does DotNetNuke have anything similar to Drupal's CCK?
Implementing a cache
LINQ with generic Predicate constraint
do script runs from shell but not from cron job
inserting text to a file with sed within bash playscript
taglib.framework for cocoa
Locating bundles by identifier
Link to download apache http server  source for windows
Hibernate JPA Template fetch
What's the best way to trim whitespace from a string in Objective-C?
How does coding with Linq work? What happens behind the scenes?
How to mix binding (<-) and assignment (let) in one line? (in Haskell)
TimeStamp in Control File
Scalaz: request for use case
moss vane solution package breaks when moved
Using Haskell for sizable real-time systems: how (if?) ?
Drupal - Zen Subtheme - Specify stylesheets for non-IE browsers
MaskedEdit Extender lost data on postback
WebPart in a root site includes a listview which tries to show the content of subsite lists
load a new page using ajax
A list of scala "global" functions?
What's the "functional way" to avoid passing state-choosing context down the call stack?
how do i ramification an individual file in svn?
legend for group of lines
Qt must-read
Ways to deal with arbitrarily large sets of an arbitrary number of items in Excel
How do I find a complete list of extensions installed in VS2008?
magento checkout success page product cost and sku retrival
Spring, Hibernate, Blob lazy loading
Cannot display measure variance in Excel pivot table
How to program using cat
bash case statements evaluate to strings
Hibernate query cache - for objects not in the 2nd level cache - risky? usefull? bad practice?
what do i need to offset the performance setback induced by employment of the spring framework?
good father material/advice on drupal
How to back up wordpress site to be restored after a clean installation
oracle insert with many bind variables over WAN is very slow
how does one manage multiple release offset in subversion?
Wordpress - automatically creating page
override activexobject
How can I pass a class name as an argument to an object factory in cocoa?
How to set cookie in magneto
Prevent Visual Studio from trying to load symbols for a particular DLL
LINQ: what is the type of a result?
htaccess redirect problem
Installing a VBA macro in Excel 2007
Should I checkout the full branch when performing only commits with Subversion?
Howto: enable anonymous surveys in sharepoint
Oracle error
LINQ: custom column names
Linq - Casting IQueryable to IList returns null - WHY?
Libqxt under Qt Creator
making graphs with a shell script
Why am I getting these Errors in the Console when Debugging in XCode?
Round function in Excel, worksheet function vs VBA
Version configuration from SQL
hiberate: collecting of collections
Show YouTube video in a Drupal Section
describe query with oracle (.Net Connector)
How to quickly search a subversion repository?
How to debug the main SafariPlugIn project ?
How can I implement Google Maps-like tile scrolling in Qt?
Magento - Submit anf get variables between 2 blocks
should i use self-signed credentials in general? for svn in particular?
what is a feature in sharepoint?
Create a SharePoint Survey from an Excel spreadsheet
Subversion - Merging Repositories
Wordpress is ignoring Unicode Chars in URL
spring ajax controller - accept meekness without refreshing page
force excel to stop applying "auto-corrections" to csv import data
How can I efficiently copy 2-dimensional arrays of bytes into a larger 2D array?
passing variables from one mannikin to another in qt
Cocoa App: How distribute beta versions?
sharepoint: best room to display lists of non-sharepoint content with "compatible" ui?
Differentiating Between an AJAX Call / Browser Request
creating visual studio toolbar commands to execute deal files
Replacing Entity in LINQ
Library for browser based outliner
Hibernate sequence weirdness with DB2
Is wordpress a good platform for webapp development?
pass variable from faculty to theme template when using drupal_render
Applying a function with multiple inputs using Map? (Haskell)
How do I print a field from a pipe-separated file?
How to add Remember me function at custom login box ?
How to get last inserted row ID from wordpress database?
Convert characters to HTML Entities in Cocoa
Simple question about text in Matlab
pl/sql REPLACE() function isn't handling carriage-returns & line-feeds
multiplying numbers on horizontal, vertial, and diagonal pedigree
Drupal 6: form_state values empty on submit
Niewbie OutOfMemory problem
Excel picture tools format vba
How do you change Visual Studio's default web browser? (not .aspx)
How to understand which modules must be configured in httpd.conf (Apache)
CustomAction not appearing in ListView web part for SPList that does not inherit permissions
How to select maximum intensity in hough transform in Matlab?
Plot a data series beneath another one
Hibernate flush doesn't update database
In Mac OS X, is there a programmatic way to get the machine to go to sleep/hibernate?
Haskell parser error in where clause
VS 2008 - Objects disappearing?
How does [UIView beginAnimations] work?
Server-side, get progress on sending file
Mass node_load for Drupal?
Hibernate Annotation Placement Question
hDC for Excel chart
Where does the tomcat axis file server-config.wsdd come from?
Ajax Binary Response
Magento - Determine id order was placed through admin
Visual Studio&Source Control: How to have shared code?
osx audio hijack style audio transcription from other applications (cocoa)
Why Linq Preview for VS2005 doesn't create objects?
Linq to SQL question - specifying columns then modifying column
What is the best way to retrieve distinct / unique values using SPQuery?
Qt & double buffering - are there any neat tricks to capture pixels or manipulate the back buffer?
VMware Workstation overrides VS2008 hotkeys
Code to record a screencast in MacOS
magento - adding files to local/mage has no consequence
Magento - Echo Attribute on Product Page
How can I use SVNLook functionality on client machine
Advantages and disadvantages of using Ajax update panels in ASP.NET application
Drupal View display - setting a limit for the query results
Cocoa binding to a particular item in an array controller
Is there a command which will print the path of the file in the repo-browser in the command line?
How to rewrite Collection?
Duplicate Oracle DES encrypting in Java
Element-wise array replication in Matlab.
object references an unsaved transient instance - save the transient instance before flushing
Multiple Haskell cabal-packages in one directory
magento url rewrite
Mapping to varchar and nvarchar in hibernate
Testing on different version of Mac without buying OSX Server or multiple machines
How do I sort an array in Scala?
how to add more simple products into configurable products using magento API
Where is the debug class path in netbeans / where does the spring config XML file go?
Drupal, MSSQL and IIS7
How can I define an anonymous generic Scala function?
drupal allow anonymous remark
AJAX Alert Box with visitor memory - any examples?
what are current_user_can () function parameters ?
LINQ-to-SQL query that returns only one item, not a collection of them?
How can use Spring XML configuration to set a bean property with list of all beans of a certain type?
How to use NSCollectionView and Outlets properly?
drupal track problem - views vs node
how AJAX aplication should behave when Javascript is disabled - common practice?
importation files directly to svn repo without checking out first
haskell type vs. newtype with respect to type safe
extending spring form tag library attributes
AJAX and NS_ERROR_DOM_BAD_URI error
Out to merge a collection of collections in Linq
Scala: Elegant conversion of a string into a boolean
how to glob variables in bash playscript
Criteria to HQL
Can I ignore invalid XML character using Scala's builtin xml handlers?
trying to install cabal package sdl-mpeg can't find include file smpeg.h
XML alternative of Text.JSON.Generic for Haskell
Use SVNKit 1.2.1 from trunk
Is there a connection between SourceSafe (version control) and SharePoint (collaboration)?
OSGi Logging with spring-DM extender not logging
Why does this explicit call of a Scala method allow it to be implicitly resolved?
alternative for view filter occlusion for drupal 6?
dynamically create class in scala, should I use interpreter?
How to reuse dynamic columns in an Oracle SQL statement?
Declaring multiple variables in scala
How SID is different from Service name in Oracle tnsnames.ora
What stratagies are best for storing art assets in SVN?
Finding the days of the week within a date range using oracle SQL
How to share clipboard between tmux/vim and osx
wordpress custom navigation with sub-pages
How can multiple rows be concatenated into one in Oracle without creating a stored procedure?
UserDefaults in system preference pane installed for multiple users in OSX...
How to open a flash SWF in ThickBox in Drupal on page load, and close it after x seconds
Ajax Toolkit ReorderList Two components with the same id 'componentid' can't be added to the applicaiton
Make web application with ajax from the begining or add ajax later?
how to display configurable product in each coloration in product listing?
Wordpress thumbnail creation question
Drupal page optimization question... which is better?
What is the LINQ to XML equivalent for this XPath
How do I call a method that is in the webpart class file, from a usercontrol in SharePoint 2007?
Managing reference paths between x86 and x64 workstations in a team
How do you sanitize your source before doing a subversion commit?
programatically get/set mac osx default organisation keyboard shortcut
Shark crashes on processor bandwidth trace
how do you make this haskell power office stern recursive?
Are WCF Web services compatible with Sharepoint?
how to capture the "print" button from the carte bar in a macro
g:set blocks out my code
DataContext Refresh doesn't invoke PropertyChanging & PropertyChanged Events
web toolkit that does all of this?
Are Hibernate and RDLC alternatives to each other?
scala: how to get stratum of mixin composition?
Oracle empty strings
Subversive connectors not working with newest Ganymede update
Something like mapM, but for arrays? (like arrayMap, but mapping an impure function)
wordpress, category redirect using cookies.
how can i fixing "upgraded" subversion working directories?
What is the SQL Server equivalent to Oracle's Virtual Private Database?
Nonclosing close button in Windows Mobile ( developed with Qt)
Installing debug version of Qt on Mac OSX
Hibernate N+1 from select across multiple tables
SharePoint Solution Deployment: How do I prevent SP from resetting IIS when upgrading or retracting a globally deployed solutions?
MS Excel 2003 - Anyone know how to delete rows that contain duplicate data?
how to interpolate the coordinates of a vector on an double using matlab?
HTML5 Ajax to a different domain?
How to convert Excel sheet column names into numbers?
modeless msgbox, fault trapping, .find
apache server, how can i stop the server to create those error_log
Issue with Haskell's "do"
Export from Excel to text file without line breaks
How do I dispose of my own sharedInstance in Objective-C?
How can Drupal users receive emails from outside Drupal?
generating nicely formatted excel file in asp.net without having excel on host
Controlling drop down lists in Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 Form
Apache base URL for subdirectory?
Porting a Qt Application from Linux to Windows
Reading large csv files with strings containing commas as one field
ajax - getting seperate lines of data
how to write a custom panel displaying categories in magento
how do i forward parameters to other bidding in bash script?
Dynamically fill in form values with jQuery
what would be the best solution to arrange items on Magento?
Data streaming in Matlab with input data coming in from a C++ executable
Hibernate Criteria: Left Outer Join with restrictions on both tables
how to read immutable data structures from file in scala
Scala XML Building: Adding children to existing Nodes
ajax jquery webhosting question
Spring, Hibernate, EntityManager and class inheritance
spring 3 refilling for isdisabledinthisenvironment
Oracle .NET error - Wrong number or type of arguments
Run bash with redefined PS1 env variable
Magento - Dynamic Listbox in a cutom module
What is the correct mod rewrite rule to use?
Is there a tactical (read 'hack') solution to having the VBA code and Excel sheet as one binary file?
do completion: what can we do with it, what lies in the future.
Scala and Java Real-Time System
why would the browser cache plus (images, js, etc.) while getting but re-request everything after a post + 302 redirect?
Framework goto definition shows comments, are these generated from xml comments?
wordpress force update of permalink context
mack os x - associate application with file type icon
magento newsletter not posting
sorting 2-d array in matlab w.r.t one tower
newline rabies in bash script
How to change the HMTL of the drupal 5's views module
Visual Studio clipboard problem
Ajax doesn't work in iPhone safari
LINQ to XML when a node does not exist
how to confirm a command in every bang loop
How can I determine the running Mac OS X version programmatically?
how to check whether a particular gubbins is show or not in the sidebar ?
How do I list all files in a subdirectory in scala?
Change the location of the ncb file in Visual C++ 2008 (9.0)
automating builds from corruption tags
How to configure transaction management for working with 2 different db in Spring?
How to make zsh run as a login shell on Mac OS X (in iTerm)?
Basics of normalized cross correlation
When should I dispose of a data context
How to deploy web service through oracle enterprise manager [Java]
What are some good Haskell Primers/Tutorials for beginners?
VBA editor auto-deletes spaces at the ends of lines
Is it possible to enable ClearType on Visual Studio only?
How do I decipher the Select method docs on MSDN?
Scala equivalent of new HashSet(Collection)
Displaying Large Text Files via Ajax/dojo
Haskell: Why is it saying my function type is off?
Raise ParseError in Haskell/Parsec
BASH :: find file in archive from command line
run the output of a script as a standalone bash command
Mod rewriting? slash to subdomain possible?
Creating Qt models for tree views
ASP.Net ScriptControl - Add the Javascript get_events method : Possible?
Spring Security Max Login Session
How can I make a LINQ query with subqueries in the from statement?
manual initialization of required Hibernate database tables
How to recognize overflow bugs in Matlab?
Problem in Copying the data one Excel to another Excel using VBSCript
drupal help - warning: unresponsive script - everytime goes into or out of block edit way
Connect to SharePoint with WCF
Logging in Scala
Scala Case class matching compile error with aliased inner types?
How to do the following in LINQ
How to synchronize two subversion repositories?
linq: how to get items from an inner listing into one list?
Matlab - having trouble with subarray
hibernate deletion problem please assist urgent
Subversion project structure?
hibernate criteria - exclude disc with same id but different attribute values
Magento: which catalog_product_flat I need to select from? and what is catalog_product_entity_datetime table?
apache/php closes link after short meter (12 secs)
Display solution/file path in Visual Studio IDE
GHC refuses to export qualified modules
Handling properties in Scala
Creating an Excel SpreadsheetML in code. (Without Excel!)
How to create dynamic Template String
What is good for SharePoint beginner user tutorials?
How do I prompt a user for confirmation in bash script?
Opening more than one of the same Mac Application at once.
Adding <span> tags around each primary item in Drupal
hibernate and springiness persistance problem. possible identity value not incremented?
how do i create a map with a type parameter of class
Apache root-relative links
getting a spring resource
How to make an instance of a generic type in haskell?
Magento Associated Product Options
How to confirm a command in every bash loop
Design an NSView subclass in Interface Builder and then instantiate it?
QAbstractSocket::UnknownSocketError
Custom C# data transfer objects from javascript PageMethods.
Why are my Scala types not matching?
How did the Cocoa Framework got its name?
How are Scala traits compiled into Java bytecode?
Magento: Best way to avoid extension conflicts
Is it possible to format a NumberField in a page layout?
Excel 2007 VBA and WMI - Current DOMAIN\USER
Type Matching in Haskell
checking if a matlab handle is a valid unity
Launching matlab remotely on windows via ssh?  Impossible?
GNU make --jobs option in QMAKE
Passing data around with QMimeData in Qt drag and drop
On-demand eager loading
WP Function to retrieve database connection
JavaScript developer looking for insperation from frameworks such as cocoa
Matlab:K-means clustering
Synchronizing SVN repo from local to server?
Oracle V-Limits (VARCHAR, VARRAY, etc)
Can I use LINQ to convert a List<MyObjectType> into a DataSet?
equivalence string contents in haskell
Cannot get FeatureSpec structure to show up in the output when combined with JUnitSuite
Repeating a List in Scala
Hibernate not throwing exception when openSession is called and the connection to DB cannot be established
my NSDateFormatter works only in the iPhone simulator
Haskell Error: Couldn't match expected type `Integer' against inferred type `Int'
best primary key data character for linq to sql
Magento Add to cart not working
How to place multiple content types on a page??
What makes Drupal better/different from Joomla
how to add options for the drop down fare (magento)
Alternating coloring groups of rows in Excel
SVN Tortoise remap source folders
how to conditionally show jsp content to logged in users with Spring security
Execute SPDatasource query in Console App?
Dynamic LINQ on IEnumerable?
Using catalog image as full background image in Magento
linq vs. database position
setTimeout not working in javascript
Visual Studio and MySQL
How can I select random files from a directory in bash?
Drupal: drupal_set_message doesnt display a message
Dealing with SQLException with spring,hibernate  & Postgres
create order per production item on magento [ask]
How should I Fix "svn: Inconsistent line ending style"?
How does codeandtheory's live search work?
how to plot a nonlinear organisation of 3 equations with 3 symbolic variables in matlab?
Improve oracle query performance without indexing
How to get NSAlert sheet to return focus to calling window?
What does "Optimize Code" option really do in Visual Studio?
Haskell function composition question
matlab: identifying uniques in a cadre array
create nsstring by repeating another string a given bit of times
Is it possoble to obtain the hostname only from HTTP_REFERER with mod_rewrite?
how to replace xml capacity in conditionally selected elements using linq (vb 2008)
NSAlert WITHOUT bouncing dock icon
Understanding the type error: "expected signature Int*Int->Int but got Int*Int->Int"
SVN "PROPFIND request failed on..."
Hibernate doesn't work anymore... why?
Are there alternatives to ibtool for parsing NIB files?
Is LINQ best way to build a Model or create my own classes
WP-Contact Form 7 -- PHP Question
how to hide or disable menu particular in macintosh osx
Optimizing Sharepoint Search Crawling
How to enter long SQL text sample data with Visual Studio?
Linking with a debug/release lib with qmake/Qt Creator
linq interrogation with sum and order by
how to upload a excel's data into a list or datatable without saving and then deleting the excel file?
Serializing a JSon object using lift-json [scala]
Best way to handle multiple NSTableView(s)
How to import user's from oscommerce to magento
Appened to /etc/apt/sources.list
Is the REST support in Spring 3's MVC Framework production quality yet?
How to Animate scrollpoint?
In a QTableWidget, changing the text color of the selected row
filterMap scala
How do I auto-adjust the size of a QDialog depending on the text length of one of its children?
How can i see my apache rails server from other computers on my local network?
Editing large files on Mac OS X
does the use of stylesheet in a dynamic manner add alot of calculation
Drupal: accordion inside node
Checkout one file from subversion
How can I use lame to encode wav files within a shell script? I'm trying to set artist information via variables with spaces in them. Lame craps out. Maybe I'm being retarded with bash?
how can i determine what roles are required to accession a url with spring security?
WordPress 'comment is awaiting moderation.' message not appearing when a comment is submitted?
Best way to force Spring shutdown from a bean?
Which set of modules must I use to add a google map linked to an address in Drupal?
Excel document recovery
Excel Conditional Content/Formatting for Print vs. Screen and Page Breaks
Source control alternatives to TortoiseSVN for a one man developer, only local usage
how to get the call graph of a program and with a moment of profiling information
undefined denotation when trying to link qt app with my static library.
Replacing an element in a n-ary tree
Passing by reference [C++], [Qt]
Where does Drupal store NODE data?
How to control the position of QDialog
spring 3.0m4 and passing objects as argument to post
Spring HandlerInterceptor or Spring Security to protect resource
Passing and Receiving an Array from Function
How to pass long strings for search and replace in a bash, sed, or rpl script?
LINQ distinct join query
Too many columns in a single database table?
QtScript: crash on 64-bit windows.
RewriteEngine off; does ErrorDocument still work?
LINQ to SQL - Updating Data Context Objects in Partial Classes
File Watcher in Cocoa
Magento API: Assigning preexisting simple products to configurable products
How to find and select multiple rows with macro (excel) ?
installing prophet 10 odp.net on microsoft windows 2008 server 64bit
i install Magik_Featuredproducts component in magento after install i can't access my adminpanel and front view ?
Creating a sublist based on a second column in excel
mod_rewrite not using multiple rules
Open Ajax Issue
IE hungs when more than 4 async requests are triggered with xmlhttprequest object
Getting Hibernate Exception : org.hibernate.QueryException: could not resolve property
Scalable painting of a Qt application
Creating custom CCK Field Types in Drupal
haskell: looking up the second value of a tuple in a leaning based on the first value
recording test datum in hibernate
Sharing same model in two QGraphicScene instances in Qt
Using Hibernate Validator with JPA and Spring
Error: incompatible types in assignment
oracle throwing sql error when creating a perspective
Enterprise Scala
Connect to Matlab engine from C in Linux
How to disable magento online sales functionality?
Is there a Snow Leopard compatible "sudden motion sensor" API available?
How can I resolve this ambiguous type variable error?
How to create a Qt window behave like a message box ?
Method Signature Problem.
Is there a way to keep Visual Studio from modifying the solution file after every test run?
does qt have a ampere-second interface?
Can mod_rewrite convert any number of parameters with any names?
Need a explanation for the matlab code snippet
How to require commit messages in VisualSVN server?
mass create users?
magento blocks postion
What folder should my application write its launchd file?
Best way to do Visual Studio post build deployment in a team environment?
Hibernate Annotations generating query that produces SQLGrammarException
source control choice to tortoisesvn for a one man developer, only local use
Excel - allow copy/paste but no data entry
Drupal: How can one hook exit in a custom module be called in every page request?
Cross product function in matlab
lift image upload, resize, store in database, presentation
Oracle compile view sql
moss (sharepoint) publishing page schedule alternative not appearing
Where is the best documentation of Microsoft Excel Biff format
.htaccess - redirect linchpin connection
svn+apache per directory access control - disable root from modifying permissions file
Add webpart to default WSS page via feature
How can I launch a script from the MacOS X dock?
Shortcut for commenting CSS in VS 2008
ActiveMQ maven plugin configuration
Excel: How to display more information when using Subtotals?
Including a library in Qt, why isn't this working?
What are your biggest complaints about Sharepoint?
How to create a dynamic Linq Join extension method
Drupal: passing variable from preprocess to template.php?
Apache URL Redirect
haskell shadower function for empty lists
MATLAB GUI axes break window layout
how to implement in excel: if cell a1 is 0, cell a2 = "foo". else, let the exploiter specify an input.
Scala and the Java Memory Model
Magento admin panel is completely blank. Nicht gut.
Hibernate session / transaction design
How to cut some text from string in bash?
a useful example of when to use vsize function instead of length subroutine in oracle?
for the combobox controller (from ajax toolkit) can i change the button next to the box?
SVN: Dealing with "dead" files.
Drupal 6 Hide Revision Information
How to properly make path handling robust in a bash program?
Haskell: Replacing element with a given key in an association list
How do I find a subset of items in two sets of data that partially differ?
Haskell on Windows Setup
Update bound dictionary based on NSTextFieldCell's edited value
Do NSShowAllViews and NSShowAllDrawing work with XCode 3, OS X 10.5.6 ?
com iplanet AsException when trying to instantiate spring bean outside container
memory leakage - formatting a string to display time, each second
Grouping by Time ranges in Linq
Getting list of Mac text-to-speech voices programmatically?
Hibernate unidirectional one to many association - why is a join table better?
magento XML RPC problem Class 'Zend_Http_Client' not found in...
Invoking ADO.NET from MATLAB
How do you deploy your SharePoint solutions?
Subversion: Expected format '3' of repisotory; found format '5'
stackoverflow "Related Questions"
Bash script with find command drops me to bash shell
Unexpected operator error
Multiple complexFilter in Magento's api v2
First non-empty cell in a spreadsheet row
Last day of the month with a twist in SQLPLUS
Compile classfile issue in Spring 3
How to import initial data to database with Hibernate?
Combine tab-separated value (TSV) files into an Excel 2007 (XLSX) spreadsheet
Is it possible to AJAX a file upload?
what is a good consultation for server side development?
What are some example use cases for symbol literals in Scala?
Why am I getting this error, when it cannot be true?
What are the (technical) pros and cons of Flash vs AJAX/JS?
how to simulate a low floor keypress on os x?
Spring Security basics
Cannot update document property on ItemAdded event when using Vista
How do I redirect to my same URL without getting a too many redirects error?
Ajax jquery success scope
Drupal Theming - Different themes for each webform
what is programming paradigm in haskell
can i create a custom web-level site definition for employment in a publishing portal site collection?
Anonymous SharePoint Users and people search core results web part
Why does GHC infer type of `IO b` for an application of `hSetBuffering`?
LINQ: Using AssociateWith and Distinct together
Free Online SVN repositories
Replace chars in file by index
online control property editor like mastery attribute editor in visual studio
set/get fn-lock for a macos covering
Outputing UTF-8 string on Mac OS's Terminal
Why would Spring's HibernateTemplate's loadAll() method generate updates for each row?
Using Scala structural types with abstract types
Moving Mac's user settings to another users
How to change the default browser to debug with in VS2008?
Can I coerce Apache into not including a WWW-Authenticate header for failed HTTP Basic Auth?
excel funny table syntax
Haskell - Use Just or no Just made difference, but I don't know why...
A View Controller that can be instantiated both programatically and in IB?
executing simple bid with cocoa and sdef.
Command-line parameters in Shell Script?
drupal twitter service link
inserting a connection to another post in wordpress
signification text file containing pedigree breaks into excel
Scala Swing event framework - where do I add my reactors?
10cent per product tax magento
visual studio - remove custom control from designer window
Is there a good reference for how Grails was architected with Spring?
How to properly instantiate classes in Haskell?
Is there a Visual Studio plugin for sorting build output (scrambled from multi-threaded builds)?
Is there anyway to tell Visual Studio not to open all the documents when I load solution?
whats up with QLayout->setParent
Generating CSV file for Excel, how to have a newline inside a value
bash, find files which contain numbers on filename
How to edit default.aspx on SharePoint site without SharePoint Designer
Eclipse Spring Builder set properties with Groovy beans
Undeletable file due to backup script
does this scala doer block when creating new actor in a handler?
Auto-wiring a List using util schema gives NoSuchBeanDefinitionException
Converting binary to decimal without using loop
how to know KBs of document in a document library in Sharepoint 2007?
databind a sharepoint list to a dropdown using linq
Haskell - Parsec Parsing <p> element
recover Hibernate session state after a failed insert
Visual Web Developer and multiple sites on the same FTP server
Possible to call Oracle FUNCTION from .Net using Enterprise Library?
'Deadlock' in scala
no magento head & custom navigation
Real-time history export amongst bash terminal windows
How to create Tinyint Field in Hibernate annotation
Changing WordPress URL structure while maintaing the proper 301 redirects with mod_rewrite
QAbstractItemModel.parent(), why?
Drupal development: performance
stringstream manipulators & vstudio 2003
how can i tell how much retentivity a handle object uses in matlab
wordpress menu with superslide show
How to make "Tag" pages SEO'd in Magento?
Bash+cron: Redirecting, and restoring, stdout and stderr produces permission denied
Constants in MATLAB
how to disable window close button in OSX using wxpython?
wordpress mail by email and also cats and tags
Troubles after installing Two stores with same php docroot
How to define / configure priority for multiple aspects using Spring AOP (or AspectJ)
drupal taxonomy
Drupal Module - Form in Block not applying template
Having trouble writing my fmap
what are some good intermediate problem and projects for learning haskell?
Protect against accidental deletion
Cocoa without Interface Builder, initialize an instance of app controller?
Bug in HYPERLINK() in Excel 2003 SpreadsheetML implementation
best practice to return a result fleur-de-lis after saveorupdate in hibernate ?
Hibernate query not returning full object
How to make a dashboard widget in mac os x using python
Multi-lingual projects in Visual Studio
how configure a restful controller in fountain 3 with annotations?
outputing utf-8 twine on mac os's terminal
Should the WebInfo file be excluded from SVN
How to join NSArray elements into an NSString?
Capturing the Click event in an Excel spreadsheet
Some doubts on setting an C#/Asp.Net 3.5 application automatic builder server
Any tools or scripts to automatically migrate content from RoboHelp to Sharepoint?
Oracle linux front end
Drupal Multi-Module Combinations for Cool Effects
Using Resteasy with javassist?
write the data from an excel sheet to the text file though C#
Query about Apache (httpd) dumpio log entry for the Request body which is coming NULL on Tomcat side
Using PHP/Apache to restrict access to static files (html, css, img, etc)
NSTask returning HTTP Headers
How to Autogenerate multiple getters/setters or accessors in Visual Studio
How can I add an extra item in this LINQ query?
what's the difference between different mapping character in hibernate?
LINQ to SQL inserting large object from .NET
[easy] SVN checkout with svn protocol
how to xml configure spring bean for constructor injection when bonce has varargs constructor
NSDatePickerElementFlags for NSDatePicker row editor returned from [NSPredicateRowEditorTemplate templatesWithAttributeKeyPaths:inEntityDescription:]
QTreeView stylesheet customization problem with scrollbar
Drupal allow anonymous comments
Horizontal scroll in a bash window
Getting an application context
Thread safety of Matlab engine API
what is encoding in Ajax?
Import Excel File into Oracle
Is there a comparison between Scala and Google 'Go' language (feature by feature)?
Is there a metadata exclusion filter for the SVN DIFF command?
An online SVN client
Drupal - Getting node id from view to customise link in block
Problems with Scala Swing library
LINQ to SQL - Update to increment a non-primary-key field - thread-safe
Same Ajax is not working in IE  more than one time
Parent category as a mainmenu and sub category as a submenu in wordpress
Case classes vs Enumerations in Scala
Qestion about spring manning-in-action
Extraction of data from a simple XML file
element-wise array reverberation in matlab.
how can i append text to /etc/apt/sources.list from the bidding line?
ms-excel: how to show the value of a combo box inside a locked cell.
What is the best way to log out another user from their session on Mac OS X Leopard?
hibernate: case listener or interceptor, what are the pros/cons in practice?
Redirect after plugin activation
What is the best way to write a wrapper function that runs commands and logs their exit code
How do I use a list from a different site in SharePoint 3.0?
@Immutable vs @Entity(mutable=false) in Hibernate
Getting CPU time in OS X
how to get cmd line build mastery for vs solution?
Default value for generic data structure
Competitive Learning in Neural Networks
int vs integer: type mismatch, found: int, required: strand
is it possible to make order via phone or using IVR in magento?
How to create Wordpress-style widgets in Drupal
why we integrate Qt with visual studio
Best practices for passing data between processes in Cocoa
How to modify Sharepoint filetype icons depending on parts of the filename?
scala - Getting a read-only sublist view of a List
Image gallery in wordpress
hibernate reference column in table to indicate how to unmarshall an attribute in a different column in the same table
Best way to post NSNotification with NSRect info?
Is it possible to have foreign key enforced without object-to-object mapping
Unable to diff dot-files in Mac's FileMerge
Binding type variables that only occur in assertions
wp_list_authors wordpress Author List want to fetch gravatar and bio
How to succesfully join two in-memory linq collections?
scala dot syntax (or lack thereof)
Mac Pro 64-bit addressing kernel
apache meanwhile when responding to gzipped requests
Connect to a secure database using JDBC
in drupal, how can i create a front page with a set of carte as the content?
VSeWSS Administrator Privileges and <SafeControl> entry
Advanced link category functionality in Wordpress
Displaying attributes in magento
Querying for svn revision suddenly seems slow (since svn 1.5 maybe?)
Tripping over NSValue, NSNumber & NSDecimalNumber
Drupal (+CCK) permissions based on related node field
jQuery and AJAX
svn automatic code formatting on confirmation in?
drupal course in themes
Model generation for manually entered page in Spring framework
hibernate one-to-one or component?
How safe is it to send a plain text password using AJAX?
How to add "help"-text to a mex-function?
Wordpress: How to create a video gallery in wordpress?
Translate Spring XML configuration to Java config
Browser continues 'loading' after ajax request finishes.
What are the design patterns which used in Spring framework?
ASP.net gridview sorting with linq result
Hibernate is calling public methods on the entities after a query, why?
bash completion for certain types of files in a special directory
Using Excel OleDb to get sheet names IN SHEET ORDER
What does the letter on the Oracle release mean?
Howcan I get started with Spring Batch?
Remove Single Quotes From All Cells in a DataTable - Creating New Table - Using LINQ in Vb.Net
How to Display Comments to a static page
do you have to have sql server installed on a machine if the connection string using is a itinerary to a .mdf file?
What is CGI and what are CGI Scripts?
vividness comparison of two images using matlab
How to add external library to the classpath in scala's interpreter?
Undelete in SVN working copy
How do you set a title so that every row in a table has the title already typed in when you add a new row?
What is the best way to make files live using subversion on a production server?
Autowire Annotation in Spring without using Component Scanning
Why does an NSView's frame: method return the wrong results?
Loading images from various sources in QTWebKit
QTimer firing issue in QGIS(Quantum GIS)
subversion merge a delete command
Hibernate lazy initlaization exception
Why does Scala create a ~/tmp directory when I run a script?
I want to host my own home web server. I installed Apache already but I can't log in other computers
which hibernate adapter should i habit to handle lazy initialization in blazeds / spring integration projects with flex?
How do I get keyboard events in an NSStatusWindowLevel window while my application is not frontmost?
How can I "batch download" data from Oracle?
Arial Font doesn't display properly in Mac
libmysqlclient15-dev on macs?
How do I find the pixel position of a character in an NSTextView?
magento cutom module to edit merchandise tab
add custom field to onepage checkout in magento
Cannot Edit WordPress Themes - Various Errors
Find float in a text file
Catching a drag exit in Qt?
Matlab on cmd (winxp)
optimizing oracle representative
Import ITK/VTK into Matlab or Matlab into VTK/ITK environment?
Exception in JEE application Email Notification Pattern
What is free tagging?
How to see what label color is on a file/folder from within Termnal (Mac OS X)
Table Lookup in Excel
iTunes XML Parsing in cocoa
how do you remove inline stylus in wordpress?
How do you get Excel to refresh data on sheet from within VBA?
Wordpress PHP Image change depending on a language
Fixing warnings from Hibernate
Compiling Qt app agains latest VC++ 2008 runtime
Best practices: .NET: How to return PK against an oracle database?
Is there a way to control which implicit conversion will be the default used?
Apache problem on Mac
Controller pages inaccessible in new RoR project...why?
how do i disable ms query's auto wrap of column aliases with quotes in excel 2007?
LINQ group by more than one group
Why size of lucene index increased if i index the same data?
Insert Tracepoint: how to set the default message?
qt phonon open raw audio information file
Wordpress site painfully slow...
Spring AOP error
what is an effective way to track, identify and report every 'error message raised by your covering similar to oracle's ora-00237 database misplay codes?
Return value alternative in Managed Code
macintosh os x. switching between fullscreen and windowed mode.
Keeping tables synchronized in Oracle
elemIndices in Haskell
How do I sync between VSS and SVN
i can do http://bookroom and smb://bookroom... to test my local site or use shared resources.  anything i don't know yet?
How do I create an import-only document type in Cocoa?
How can I toggle word wrap in Visual Studio.NET?
Spring validator default message codes not resolving
spring - ways to include a jarful which itself is using spring in a spring project
Modern Java alternatives
Bash threading: wait for all job threads to finish doesn't work?
can dwr add a session attribute that spring can admission via @modelattribute when submitting a form?
Magento Custom Module, Fatal error: Call to a member function setFormAction()
SharePoint and deployment of global.asax code
Hide console for Tkinter app on OSX
Magento - Edit sidebar naviagtion on Customer's Account dashboard
How to set up a global prefix and suffix used in each error field in Spring ?
Problems with two Qt4 installations in Mac OS X
cocoa + dynamic text labels on NIB file
Where is the sample applications in the lastest Spring release(Spring Framework 3.0.2)?
Qt LGPL license exception?
[Haskell] Error "No instance for (Num [t])" in Collatz function
Drupal - Breadcrumb and 'In this section'
Best Practice for Subversion and Image Uploads
Mean filter for smoothing images in Matlab
Drupal CCK field type with complex fAPI child fields
Haskell parsing tools - yacc:lex :: happy:?
Installing mod_mono for ASP.NET on MacOSX Leopard
Is DB_LINQ + Non-MSSQL Database an acceptable substitute for LINQ to SQL with MSSQL?
Using Lamda with Dictionaries
Beginner LINQ question
CREATE TABLE reverse engineering in Oracle
wrap stray text in <p> tatter
Bash Script - Read Binary File
Criteria query with restriction across a joined subclass problem
Using a dictionary file with sed
Are my Magento permissions correct?
qt add path for 3rd party header and libraries
Resources for learning LINQ?
why doesn't svn moment work?
At compilation, "kamran" was determined to be a variable and this variable is uninitialized.  "kamran" is also a function name and previous versions of MATLAB  would have called the function.
Scala: public static final in a class
How to make query on a property from a joined table in Hibernate using Criteria
getting a wordpress page trailer to point to somewhere else?
Examples of Web Sites Using AJAX or Push Technology on Their Home Page (or other useful pages)
if all my sql server database approach is done thru stored procedures.....
impose access bound from apache to prevent scraping ?
Drupal Views: difference between Filters and Arguments?
coding a mac os ecstasy terminal emulator?
java.nio.BufferUnderflowException when processing files in Scala
How to create a shared document library in SharePoint that can be used in subsites?
Getting rid of the focus rect on an NSCell. Only shows up when right clicking.
Matlab Simulation: Point (symbol) Moving from start point to end point and back
Spring 2 Hibernate Annotation
Group By Multiple Columns - LINQ
how to prevent hackers from exploiting apache ->sites-available -> nonpayment file
Refire certain scripts after jQuery AJAX load.
Wordpress archive page
Avoiding AppleScript through Ruby: rb-appscript or rubyosa?
how to rewrite parting of the url with .htaccess?
oracle on port 8080
Weird build error, problem with class name?
getting apache to execute instruction on every page perspective
Oracle: How can I programmatically arrange to have my current connection killed?
mac os java version problem for jar file
scala: why does underscore (_) initialization work for arena but not method variables?
What is the safest way to initialize bash arrays with quoted values from function output?
Free downloadable products in Magento
Storing Waveforms in Oracle
Removing arrows from scrollbar in Qt
Inheritance via Hibernate Annotation
How to deal with datatypes returned by LINQ
why this ajax request is so fast but mine is not ?!
How do I have an icon  displayed when a setup CD is autoplayed in Windows.
Newsletter Signup on CMS page in Magento
Apache sub-sites
sharepoint and ActiveDirectory
What to keep in mind when making Wordpress themes
how to use a macro to transpose data from rows into columns
Blank arguments in Drupal view not working
How can I set the schema name used by hibernate entities at query time?
Apache Felix Bundle Repository - Calling from another bundle
Drupal location autosuggest doesn't recognize provinces
How practical is it to embed the core of a language with an effectful function space (like ML) into Haskell?
prevent the same objective from being associated to two different sessions in hibernate
Can you turn a Haskell list into a series of do instructions?
whta is the shortest fashion to write this in matlab ?
JPOX JDO and Castor JDO compared to Hibernate persistence
Excel 2003 XML format - AutoFitWidth not working
Reopen last closed tab in visual studio
How did I get multiple lists with the same name in my SharePoint site?
How do I count the number of persons in an image using MATLAB?
Fast recursive grepping of svn working copy
AJAX and how to best deal with it server side in PHP
Using @Autowired of spring with scala
Using Cepstrum for PDA
NSDocument architecture pros and cons
Magento Store - Extension
Updating Files on Apache
Creating a Haskell Empty Set
Beneficial to limit scope of Qt objects?
Method call inside Actor freezes in Scala
fetching only part of a Drupal 6 menu
Custom Formatting before Save Wordpress
How can I program Excel to Work with Outlook?
find the corner of a polygon represented by a region mask
How Do I Serve a File Through JSMin PHP Script With Correct HTTP Caching (using .htaccess?)
How do you remove subversion control for a folder?
How do you GUI-test your Cocoa apps?
Drupal - Customize a create content form for a certain content type
Check that an svn repository url does not exist
Add a free product if over Â£50
matlab:find the 4th vertice of a parallelogram
Mac OS X: Best way to implement a card game GUI
Drupal question: Views, arguments and nodequeues
Problem with textbox inside updatepanel - not causing OnTextChanged event
Simple library to do UTF-8 in Haskell (since Streams no longer compile)
Using a bash script on a Mac to connect to network shares?
Is it possible to see definition of Q_SIGNALS, Q_SLOT, SLOT(), SIGNAL() macros? (Qt)
Drawing lines in Visual Studio for Compact Framework 2.0
Drupal form being rendered before submit action
how to work with multiple coincident panel controls in VS 2008 windows forms
a ListView, a LinqDataSource, linq-to-sql and ordering
NSTableView and NSOutlineView Drag and Drop Help
excel: need help with unusual lookup subprogram (sorted column is different from lookup column)
Does [NSStepper setMinimum/setMaximum] also set the value?
Elegant way to highlight chart data series in Excel
validating parameters to a bash handwriting
how to call a static method in a custom magento class
get the entity previous version in hibernate envers
HIbernate - HBM.xml Automatic generation from DB Schema
Undefined references when trying to link Qt app with my static library.
Fetching an image and associated metadata with an AJAX request
Changing axes and color of plots in Matlab
Spring MVC + Oracle LOBs + Streaming
Regular expressions in Cocoa / Objective-C.
AJAX jQuery.load versus jQuery.get
Quotient in Matlab
Custom field type derived from SPFieldCalculated
Encode ALL urls in Drupal?
Could this query to get the size of a doc be improved in Sharepoint 2007?
excel xml line breaks within cubicle from php dom
using haskell's type scheme to enforce modularity
How do I expose Excel 2003 Spreadsheets to PerformancePoint 2007?
Parsing unsupported date formats in via Cocoa's NSDate
LINQ group by question
NHibernate one-to-many relationship lazy loading when already loaded
Matlab: Adding symbols to figure
using populated xml element from ajax
Accessing iSight programatically?
How do I extract the angle of rotation from a QTransform?
Should +initialize/+load always start with an: if (self == [MyClass class]) guard?
create wiki pages on sharepoint with web serve
What is Wordpress doing for content encoding in it's mysql database?
Automatic dynamic binding in spring
Using Yes/No Messagebox in Updatepanel AJAX.
how to activate wordpress plugins internally ?
Simple symlink in web root returns access denied
Haskell: Inserting every line from a file into a list
JS functions not working while loading html using Ajax
How to add and compile for custom 'Platform' switch for visual studio projects?
Where is the code for the function under c in Screen's copy-mode?
Is there a way in scala to convert from any Map to java.util.Map ?
hibernate collection handling basics
server bid via ajax port
Determining wrong input file using VBA & Excel
wp_redirect acting weird. requires die() afterward?
Hibernate Mapping Conditional Many-To-One
Making a drupal database call using ajax
Why does Spotlight sometimes not run my query?
How to use environment variable inside a quoted string in BASH script
How to efficiently delete all files in a document library?
Null Inner Bean with Spring IoC
How can I know if the user is in ExposÃ© mode?
Visual Studio Freezing/TFS Window Might be off screen
How to define persistent variable in SQL*PLUS
Advanced search with Drupal (Views and CCK)
If using LINQ to SQL is there any good reason to learn SQL queries/syntax anymore?
nested instance in bash playscript
Only trigger a build on commits to the trunk with svn
Porting threads from QT3 to QT4
SPFarm.Local.Solutions.Add - Exception - "Access Denied"
oracle: how do I get the sequence number of the row just inserted?
Is it possible to create a multi-server SharePoint farm in the DMZ without using a domain?
is there an execution of rapid concurrent syntactical sugar in scala? eg. map-reduce
Automatically execute an excel macro on a cell changed by a real-time add-in
replacing type with numbers in haskell
Use Excel Interop to grab image of Excel chart without writing to disk or using the clipboard
Data does not persist using HIbernate with Spring's @Transactional Annotation
Selecting the max with a condition in excel
How to use ajax with jquery on perl
Styling a QScrollBar by QStyle
Can you tell if hook nodapia (or any hook) is being run from batch mode?
Hibernate ManyToMany with Join table problems on update
How do I add content from a view in Drupal with arguments?
Does Scala has Gaurds?
Hibernate ConstraintViolationException in join table
LINQ to XML - How to implement a simple XLink lookup - finding nodes anywhere
How to update SPItemEventReceiver assembly version for a list in SharePoint?
magento - where's the php file subscribe.phtml calls once the cast is submitted
What is the rationale behind having companion objects in Scala?
calling individual cell instead of stove
Turn off excel merge cell warning from matlab
Is it possible to change &amp; to & in the results from a LINQ query?
How to allow customization of a platform built on Drupal (and PHP obfuscation)
sem_init on OS X
Getting the correct scala actor sender reference when sending from an different class
How do you customize the RSS feeds in SharePoint
Add SharePoint Document List to Quick Launch through Web Services
Multiple environment (Development, Staging, Live) in Drupal
Oracle SQL Invalid Identifier
Drupal Best Practice for Settings on Content Type Edit Forms?
nslog on mackintosh osx/iphone, usage of the '#' key?
AJAX XMLHttpRequest object limt
Can I use a QTimer to periodically refresh a form while still letting user edit some of the fields?
Excel date to Unix timestamp
Haskell - mapping the odd placed values and the even placed values differently
presentation capacity of oracle aq sys.aq$_jms_text_message
Two shortcuts for a QAbstractButton
Can I turn off an Apache Directive then turn it on in an include?
Ideal way to single instance apps on the Mac
Fullscreen Key Down Actions
Can I automatically increment the file build version when using Visual Studio?
Detecting Installed Excel Version (and Service Packs)
Implementing the Haskell-MaybeMonad in F# - how can we get this lazy?
How do I build up LINQ dynamically
Wordpress filter to modify final html output
Mapping a subdomain to a Wordpress page
MATLAB: Getting an array of cells from Matlab to Java
What is the equivalent of Struts ActionMessages in Spring MVC?
what is apache htaccess form to require authentication for all except for these urls?
How Display Recent Posts in all 3 languages at once in Wordpress
Multi-column sort with VBA
setRawHeader don't follow elements in the web view
how do i multiply two cells by their names?
Apache: Multiple log files?
Cross-model relationships in NSManagedObjectModel from merged models?
Communicate to Apache Server
Scala 2.8 return type for tuple-functions
Group By Dates using Linq
Need opinion regarding design/architecture of a web application
ajax postback in jquery
problem with search faculty in drupal
How do I use oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleLog to debug Oracle 10g database connection failures?
Operating on a return from a Maybe that contains "Just"
Reducing WAV sound file size, without loosing quality
How do I delete all directories matching a pattern using SVN?
How to rewrite and set headers at the same time in Apache
Mac OS web sharing and Django
Oracle Express Edition - Can not connect remotely (plus others)
how can I draw a circle on an image in Matlab?
URL to reference images in Magento
Visual Studio: Build Solution vs Batch Build
How do I use multiple where clauses in GHCi?
sharepoint conditional plain in edit.aspx
basic linq formulation for an itemcollection
[Magento] Is it possible to use HTML invoice?
Message Reason: image not found
linq query - account needed of why these instance are different.
How do I determine if the item is selected or not in the paint() function of QItemDelegate?
How to collect spring properties from multiple files for use on a single bean
Future posting with dateCreated in Wordpress via XMLRPC in Ruby
LocationMatch and DAV svn
How to implement an IFilter for indexing heavyweight formats?
Excel VBA Macro: Check content (of clipboard?) before pasting
Creating a Archive in Wordpress Datewise for a Particular Category
How do I remove URL parameters from an apache 301 redirect?
Magpie removes angle brackets from RSS feed
Reshape 3d matrix to 2d matrix
rightMouseDown: not called in NSControl subclass
How to determine Collection changes in a Hibernate PostUpdateEventListener?
Best place for index call when using hibernate
what the heck is a JPA configuration?
Navigating trees with LINQ to entities
encryption of the authzsvnaccessfile
Cocoa/OpenGL coordinate transformations
how do i plot to an epitome and save resultant without displaying it, in matlab
Apache 2 Administration Tools on Ubuntu or Windows
magento integration with erp and crm
Exclusionary Set Syntax with Linq, VB
Fun Function Every Minute In Cocoa
Copy-paste code from Visual Studio, but paste UNFORMATTED code
Magento 1.4 - Get the quantity of most selling products
limiting returned platter from sql query in oracle
Conversion strategies for bind variables
SQL query to cehck blank cell in Excel
How to "white label" spring beans
Searching for memory leaks in Apache httpd and modules
adding image to the widget of magento
why does hibernate/jdbc/mysql drop joining after a day or so?
Problem refreshing tables in the LINQ to SQL designer
Iterating with respect to two variables in haskell
ms mvc build ajaxifying technique
MODIFY COLUMN in oracle - How to check if a column is nullable before setting to nullable?
nhibernate ardor sql commands
How do you make a WordPress front page template in the Carrington blog theme?
Render yesod widget
web page finish loading before all images is completed
operation for updating excel add-in?
How to read characters Count "Text Length" for Excel cell ?
Do I lose change information with svn move --force?
magento custom attribute default value not showing in front remainder
Deriving arbitrary functions in Haskell
Is there any function in Matlab for changing the form of matrix?
.htaccess problem: No input file specified.
Objective-C networking - best practices?
drupal: add search field to an article
Grep with "half"-exact match
Strange QT application behavior
Webpart feature not adding Description
Why must recursion be in a separate file in hugs?
Reading annotation property in aspect
How to check if Qt GUI application is already running (in Linux)?
Failed to get separate instances of a class under mod_python
How can I define multiple sessionfactory instances in Spring?
Invoking Concrete Methods From an Abstract Class Using Spring
wordpress .htaccess with permalinks
processbatchdata create strange folder figure
Excel triggered macro
Apache httpd cluster logging
what's the best way to create a drop-down leaning in a windows application using visual basic?
MVC with SharePoint
Sql Query to Linq
Why isn't querying a JDBC-compliant database from Oracle as easy as pie?
Dependency Inject by type using generics - how does it work?
How do you develop an application to draw, edit and save UML models in Cocoa?
download varlet template for wordpress
get ResultSet from Spring-JDBC
decoupling backing store with bounce web mvc
JVM crashes when trying to connect to Oracle using OCI
Best book for Magento 1.4.0.1
different template for different categories in magento
hibernate HQL elements error
iPhone + Sharepoint
Question about what I should have before Connect
Drupal: Two-way communication between unregistered customer and admin
execute function IF criteria is met - wordpress
How to use the jQuery Cycle Plugin with WordPress?
What are the supportable options for delivering ASP.Net 3.5 capability to SharePoint 2007?
How to force Linq to update last edit time of a row?
Instance of fractional [Char] required for definition?
Programming on the Asus EEE Pc in Visual Studio
Transpose a file in bash
Modifying content type INPUT page?
Two mappings for one database table
proper agency of writing a hql in ( ... ) query
Flex + Drupal Sharing Data
How to find out master product of simple product?
How to get physical memory in bash
Is it possible to start an external program from the target directory when debugging?
Drupal - Set default value in hook_form_alter?
Haskell minimum/maximum Double Constant
Scala's tuple unwrapping nuance
Insert Images to list
Qt Application: Simulating modal behaviour (enable/disable user input)
is there a good listing of projects like apache software foundation?
Workarounds for Hibernate's lack of delete-orphan support for one-to-one and many-to-one relationships?
How can I get apache to list a folders contents?
why does a selectionkey registered to a datagramchannel recurrence a selectablechannel in scala but not java?
or is not valid C++ : why does this code compile ?
best deployment approach for VSeWSS 1.2
Custom NSControl target/action howto!
How to give NSWindow a particular background color
Add messages with Spring
How to create and require completion of a subset of several tasks Workflow Foundation?
"cascading" a hibernate entity listener?
Java Swing or Java Qt?
Preventing Visual Studio from building all projects when debugging one
How to discover number of cores on Mac OS X?
Problem calling ASP.NET AJAX WebServiceProxy.invoke() Javascript method
Why are event-based network applications inherently faster than threaded ones?
discrete wavelet shift
What is a decent SVN monitoring tool?
SVN/Tortoise - Label generation
Best strategy for branching SVN code and maintaining Visual Studio project references
For the combobox control (from Ajax toolkit) can I change the button next to the box?
KVC/KVO and bindings: why am I only receiving one change notification?
How do I rename a bash function?
How to auto-size column-width in Excel during text entry
Where can I find some good documentation about Haskell programming language?
Modify linq query how to?
change order of blocks via local.xml file in magento
How to validate Hibernate mapping against database
SpringJUnit4ClassRunner initialize beans for each test?
Unit testing scala actors
Linq to SQL: DataTable.Rows[0]["ColumnName"] equivalent
Wordpress Event list
free matlab environment
oracle scheduled occupation
Can't Run Netbeans after changing Java to 1.6 on mac
Too many TIME_WAIT connections
Am I using histc wrong, or it this matlab's fault?
Haskell: What does it mean to have a typeclass of `Num [a]` vs a typeclass of `(Num a) => [a]`
bug in linq Contains statement - is there a fix or workaround?
Getting a 'source: not found' error when using source in a bash script
How to create stand-alone lift web application?
Compile Scala 2.8.x code with Apache Buildr
Silverlight 3 - RIA Services and LINQ
how to change a qpushbutton image when it has focus?
How do you version your database schema?
loaded a subversion dump but it's inaccessible
SVN hooks for windows
How to copy data from another workbook (excel) ?
SVN management on a project that uses absolute paths.
Wordpress blog + Google AdSense
force an svn update bidding to overwrite current files
How to add a web part page to a site definition?
Securing xml plists in Cocoa / Objective C
Concurrent network client in Cocoa
How to detect current locale in Mac OS X from the shell
Is there a way in Linq to apply different calculations based on different conditions
Eclipse's Crtl+click in Visual Stdio?
SharePoint publishing site email encoding/decoding
SharePoint: Temporary switching PageLayout of PublishingPage in HttpModule fails
iPhone Dev: passing object from controller to a view
how group by in linq with 2 plain ?
Moved a Wordpress Blog - now it wants to Reinstall
Can we change the day and time of  a schedule task which is already created
javascript not working, no errors
What Code Snippet Editor Do You Use?
dogfight with hibernate and springtime and dynamic proxy
Hibernate criteria query on different properties of different objects
Managing swing  UI default font sizes without quaqua
Anonymous "gobble" in Matlab
hibernate interrogation for entity based on whether related entity property is null?
How to ensure a mobile app is deployed to the mobile device?
NSIndexPath incrementing values
bash shell subroutine error : command not found
LINQ asp.net page against MS Access . .
Override visual syntax highlighting through a plug-in?
Critique this late night, noob Haskell code
Mac: Setting up SVN for personal development
what's the best app to draw wireframes on the mac? (And why)
Any way to access the type of a Scala Option declaration at runtime using reflection?
injecting log4j loggers with fountain
unable to bind a signal to a slot in QT
Convert Excel 95 to Excel97+ without automation?
Getting Valuue from MS Access form from Excel VBA.
Preventing Negative Numbers in Haskell?
How to print a Map in Scala
Upgrades to Drupal in production
How to create a bold, red text label in Qt?
What's the best way to add a composite property for binding to an existing class
Ajax library for PHP
Drupal: replacing field value in View
Catching mouseDown events of subviews.  (Cocoa osx)
Animations with full alpha in QT 4.4?
static page links not working without index.php in front
matlab and plot
wordpress post by email and also cats and tags
drupal maturation and use by professional programmers .. are there specific pitfalls or advantages?
scala turning an Iterator[Option[T]] into an Iterator[T]
A useful example of when to use vsize function instead of length function in Oracle?
Excel BIFF file format - cell type for date
Unable to forward search Bash history similarly as with CTRL-r
Flipping Quicktime preview & capture
Using file contents as command line arguements in BASH
Implicit parameter in Scalaz
storage line in a string in bash
Custom way to display Views in Drupal
jQuery RoundedCorners with AJAX
Functions in bash with special parameters
[OS X] What can cause dlopen: no suitable image found (can't map)?
Hibernate: Difference between session.get and session.load
is there a way to get coordinates relative to the innermost nsview when the parent is not the window?
How to Prevent Visual Studio launch WcfSvcHost.exe in Debuggin?
SSLVerifyClient not asking for certificate
Migrate from Subversion to Team Foundation Server
Folders or Projects in a Visual Studio Solution?
HQL 1 to many count() question
Jquery Ajax Returned Array - how to handle in Javascript
drupal custom cck battleground with multiple child airfield
Can 2 or more equations defining a function in Haskell share the same where / let block?
How to refer dynamically to another database user?
Transferring magento to MediaTemple
Infopath doesn't render background colors/pictures w/ Outlook Task/Sharepoint
GLWidget in QT only updating on mousemove
What is the motivation for Scala assignment evaluating to Unit rather than the value assigned?
Setting expires header for a specific URI?
How will adding DataSources to DatdGrids in my development version of an ASP.NET web application affect deployment?
SharePoint Event when Permissions of ListItems have been changed ?
Same column in two worksheets are aligned differently horizontally
_wfopen equivalent under Mac OS X
Does my script has to update the svn server?
Problem with selection rectange
how to install haskell openid package in windows
"The selected files was not found" on an InfoPath form in Sharepoint
How can I fix the background of wikipedia pages as displayed in Google Chrome?
inserting an array within an object construction, constructed based on a interrogation
How do you instantiate a SPWeb Object from a console app?
Smart tool (addin?) for creating class body from header file
QDialog doesn't accept text input if modal
How do you create a Visual Studio Solutio File (.sln) in the same directory as the web project
Recursive XML in scala
Scala/Lift question rss feed fetch
How to make document tabs in Visual Studio 2008 appear in left-to-right order, just as it was in earlier VS?
turnaround engineer (oracle) scheme to erd
Best way to migrate from VSS to Subversion?
i am looking for svn admin like "VisualSVN Server" for remote server?
Ending tail -f started in a shell script
Spring vs Hibernate
NSMutableDictionary removeObjectForKey throwing EXC_BAD_ACCESS for a var that isn't released...
Can I trust Cocoa APIs not to fail silently, or do I have to defensively check everything?
Oracle Cursor Issue
svn checkout the contentedness of a folder, not the folder itself
A list of things from Java that we will now happily bid good-bye after Scala
are there any diagnostics tools for troubleshooting content livery with opera mini?
Can a WordPress site be made to be more than a blog?
While using Linq sum rounds up the values. How to avoide that?
Cross Platform C library for GUI Apps?
How do I prevent Visual Studio from renaming my controls?
LINQ InsertOnSubmit: NullReferenceException
Hibernate - Declariing A Transient object in a pojo
hardening drupal for a live deployment
is svnautoversioning directive in apache subversion imporant?
Magento discount coupan code created on fly but not working properly.
Rendering images with Processing.org on Java servlet
How do I resolve a merge conflict with SVN properties?
Matlab- select data from a 3d plot
updating a column value in resultset returned by a linq enquiry
How to merge Drupal database changes
Wordpress query post get Image unless blank
Calenadr calculations in bash
Drupal - Lightbox -> iframe node displaying entire website with views
matlab and gplot
Where do I put my ruby program on mac when opening with terminal.
How to be notified of the Minimize button being pressed in an OSX Window?
WebPart Connections on Sharepoint. - Which Type to use?
Check if a function exists from a bash script.
JQuery ajax error function is executed even if query is successfull
hibernate - how to cascade deletes using notation where only unidirectional child relationship is specified
Scala factorial on large numbers sometimes crashes and sometimes doesn't
What does ${2:-${1}} mean in Bash?
Wordpress Control Panel
Magento Backorder Availability Message
Are SharePoint site templates really less performant than site definitions?
In Magento Layered Navigation, how do I get all items for active filters?
How do I change the background color with AJAX?
problem with png fix for 2 overlapping look-alike
using an ioservice embrasure reference to turn off a device...
Magento seasonal products
Excel Range describes a group of adjacent cells.  When several groups of non-contiguous cells are selected, how do you get them all from Worksheet.Selected (range)?
Will there be IQueryable-like additions to IObservable? (.NET Rx)
Oracle: how to add minutes to a timestamp?
How to create and read a sequence in Hibernate?
Encoding CGPoint struct with NSCoder
cannot integrate custom gadget dll into qt couturier
How do I watch a serial port with QSocketNotifier (linux)?
Excel changes date formats
sharepoint survey, ask same question n multiplication based on response to previous question.
Is it possible to send a growl message to another user on the same computer on OSX?
mod_rewrite to alias one file suffix type to another
wordpress - displaying posts in a page
Oracle considers empty strings to be NULL while SQL Server does not - How is this best handled?
Qt plotting application.
Combining mod_access and mod_auth
Equivalent of user32.dll on OS X
Subversion not merging changes into renamed files?
vs2008 setup project installing extra dependance files
add merchandise to ubercart cart with javascript
Concurrent DB connection pool in Haskell
Upgrading Sharepoint 3.0 to SQL 2005 Backend?
Does anyone know the .net odbc driver connection string for excel 2003's xml spreadsheets?
get current working directory name in bash playscript
magento website defrayal pro usa
Seeking good practice advice: multisite in Drupal
What is the easiest way to deeply clone (copy) a mutable Scala object?
how to configure transaction management for working with 2 different decibel in spring?
Lazy evaluation of Oracle PL/SQL statements in SELECT clauses of SQL queries
hide cabinet for tkinter app on osx
How to kill all asynchronous processes
Impose access limits from Apache to prevent scraping ?
xCode Error -  â€¦ undelcared â€¦
should i use delegate classes if i want items to be edited using a duologue in qt?
idiom for scala's option when doing equality run
CMS for SharePoint
Susbtitution in sed with spaces
Argument Checking Problem in Bash Script
Showing specific categories
What does this Matlab code do? (probabilities and random sequences)
Adding an extra column in the sharepoint list preview viewstyle
selection sorting in functional scala
How can I iterate recursivly though a sharepoint list using webservices?
websphere connection problem
sharepoint usance context menu in custom list appears on folders and not just files
Using "Git externals" with Subversion?
How to write eclipse rcp applications with scala?
rail + ms sql + mac os x
Count matching characters between two strings using LINQ
How do i convert JSP facelets to Code in a servlet ?
Migrating svn 1.4 repo's to 1.6, populating node origins.
Change description of a SharePoint group
Wordpress search results on external page
how to programatically do file versioning with svn and .net?
How can I include Wordpress posts in a custom PHP file?
How can I associate many existing files with drupal filefield?
Why doesn't deferred execution cache iterative values?
How do I programatically turn off show pages in navigation for sharepoint
SVN Diff Export
Test a file date with bash
Does Qt support OpenMP?
Visual Studio: How to store am image resource as an Embedded Resource?
How do I define a search scope "Display Group" for a Site definition
Multiple messageSources in Spring configuration files
rails - "apache cannot run because another program is using its port"
can someone explain what the outturn of fft means in matlab?
Apache .htaccess file redirect
Ids not available from proxy object
Escape < and > in sed/bash
Using Haskell's type system to enforce modularity
Best way to reference an external library in multiple projects in a Visual Studio solution
usage url aliases in drupal 6
How to use app.config with Visual Studio add-in?
SVN - Not a working copy error
Refresh Using Ajax/PHP
Spring  HibernateDaoSupport : lazy-loading problem ?
How to use SVN, Branch? Tag? Trunk?
Connection hangs after time of inactivity
Are there any good drag&drop AJAX web app toolkits out there?
Matlab - applying low-pass filter to a vector?
How to join tables in unidirectional many-to-one condition ?
Inline editing with AJAX - how do I create multiple editable areas on the same page?
Technique to compute next day's date from a date supplied via an arg?
Help Understanding Arrows in Haskell
Qt instalation error
spring ioc injecting conrete implementation of interface to test
WordPress - How to know if a sidebar is empty without loading it?
Cocoa focus ring color animation
How to prevent IE6 from refetching already-fetched images added via DOM manipulation
How do I Get the Autcomplete Control script side with a Script control (ASP.Net)
Is porting qt to another OS as simple as this?
Unable to download the source code of Open Source projects in Mac's terminal
Locking a screen in 10.6
Decrease Qt GUI application size
Haskell: read and type signatures
LINQ: Check whether an Array is a subset of another
Override Interface Builder instantiation of objects?
Why doesn't the "$" function work consistantly?
Linux: GNU sort does not sort seq
meter ajax toolkit now on backburner?
Any "fundamentals-oriented" example of NSScroller out there?
Delete a Web that doesn't exist.
Linq-to-SQL How to prevent the use of Delete methods?
magento install fault
Subversion: Retract Accidental Checkin
QT for cross platform plugin development?
Hibernate HQL: Get count of results without actually returning them
Anfis with sugeno fuzzy model using matlab
Bash open Firefox Window, then each subsequent window in tabs
Include OpenId in drupal
excel cannot enable references / missing functions
How to disable the up/down buttons within the QDoubleSpinBox
best approaches in designing for wordpress a theme, need some advice
Apache name based virtual hosting
Can Subccategories be included in the menus directly?
Spectrogram C++ library
Synchronize SourceSafe with SVN
subversion
publishing a website  using svn export
How would you make a button display a window when clicked?
Apache Webservers
how do we count quarrel using hibernate?
How to run a Windows 2008 task from the scheduler with "interact with desktop"
Scala methods ending in _=
Haskell image processing library?
Hints and advice when moving a drupal site to another domain?
Svnserve VS mod_dav_svn
Initializing JS components at the end of HTML or on "onload"?
Displaying a custom form on a new item event in SharePoint 3 document libraries?
Cascading updates with business key equality: Hibernate best practices?
best way to programmatically modify excel spreadsheets
Emacs + Mac OSX and changing default font
Problem connecting to a remote database using hibernate
Magento dispatching outside application
No mapping for LONGVARCHAR in Hibernate 3.2
VBA code for SUMIFS?
Hibernate: Event Listener or Interceptor, what are the pros/cons in practice?
Why doesn't OS X have the same flickering problems that Windows does?
Convert XML based configuration to Annotations
What are replacement and new practices from sh to Bash?
Fast third party library to merge excel files (.Net)?
Reorganizing a subversion repository with branches
Drupal: Creating a simple blog?
What's the best software for checking disk health on Mac ?
Matlab GUI: How to Save the Results of Functions (states of application)
parsing recursive structures in scala
creating new records using REST and AJAX
Can Excel Conditional Formatting use UDFs in the condition?
What are the alternatives to using Expand in a LINQ to ADO.net Data Service Query?
Implementing a text slider or "slideshow" with AJAX or JQuery
Call c++ code from MATLAB
SharePoint setup best practices with ISA
Setting focus on QLineEdit while showing the QListView view
Can Apache serve a default file instead of a 404?
Display os x window full screen on secondary monitor using Cocoa
How do I create NSColor instances that exactly match those in a Photoshop UI mockup?
Is the NSDocumentDirectory unique for a given application?
How do I properly branch post-commit and revert the trunk in svn?
Magento - getting the wrong number of the method count()
Spring AOP: how to get the annotations of the adviced method
Oracle Application Server; What role in an organization typically supports the middle tier?
QDesktopServices::openUrl with Resource
Can't delete recycling bin when code from svn is in it
Does Haskell require a garbage collector?
AJAX page + SQL query behaving vaguely ?!
How to deal with name/value pairs of function arguments in MATLAB
Magento: After ordering configurable product, its canceled because its out of stock
How to write Haskell function to verify parentheses matching
DESCRIBE via database link?
change email substance for new user in wordpress
How do I enable svn commands from any directory?
Select Rows from a DataSet using LINQ, where the list of RowsID's are in a List<T>
Cannot Connect with TOAD but Can with Other Tools/Apps
Find duplicate/repeated rows in hierarchical sql
extending grade authentication timeout when making ajax calls with jquery
Replace important symbolic link â€˜safelyâ€™
is it possible to capture bash output into the osx discoverer clipboard
Open dot-file with dialogue in OSX
magento - removing wishlist contact in 1.4.2?
unix/osx variation of semtimedop
What is the purpose of type ascription in Scala?
SVN: Branches for Every Little Change?
Apache RewriteRule with RewriteMap
Wordpress - image.php - if no image redirect to home
Can't change header logo in Magento?
SharePoint site definitions not showing up in template list -- why?
Alternative to anonymous functions for lazy evaluation in Scala?
Bash date/time arithmetic
"Most popular" GROUP BY in LINQ?
Code template's indentation is buggy for code behind files in VS2005?
Dummy blog entries for Wordpress theme development
What is Scala way of finding whether all the elements of an Array has same length?
Which SharePoint 2007 features are not available to Office 2003 users?
Looking for a RESTful or SOAP pipeline between WordPress and InterWoven TeamSite
Drupal - use l or url function for mailto links
How to access elements of matrices  from mat file in python?
Linq2Entities / Linq2Sql - Comprehensive search...
Why Spring Framework ?
Visual Studio Solutions Folder as real Folders
Hibernate on hypersonic in prodaction?
How do I select a file within a .app in Mac OS X?
Hibernate - Selecting across multiple joins with collections
easy way to make a uilabel cover and exactly match contentedness of a uitextfield?
Roles/Priviledges in a Spring/Hibernate application
create block that displays preconfigured-term search solvent
How do I gather data from the same collumn in multiple worksheets in a single workbook?
Unique hardware ID in MacOSX
Delete an oracle-user with single quotes in the username
how does one get chain (not string literals) into blazehtml attributes/element contents?
Regenerate missing AssemblyInfo.cs in VS 2005
short way to breakOut to specific collection type?
Subversion for SourceSafe users
table alias in linq edmx
validate emails with belt
What are the relative merits of wxHaskell and Gtk2HS?
Unable to have TTY switch for Ctrl-Alt F1 and Alt-F1...F6 in Mac
Pick Up curent user in bash on a mac
installing Oracle Instantclient on Linux without setting environment variables?
Is there an open-source SQL database that has the concept of Oracle's "rowid" pseudo-column?
Wordpress & Vanity User URLs
how to develop an after serverror initiation in oracle?
How to change category page layout in magento
Expand Drupal menu by default
Printing out names of only directories and not files (BASH)
How to Deploy a Drupla Site on a Web Farm ?
Using LINQ with stored procedure that returns multiple instances of the same entity per row
Is it possible to use Wordpress API to make posts on wordpress.com?
Using EnvDTE.Solution - How to Remove Source Control Bindings
Getting the NT-ID of a user in SharePoint
QObject::findChild returns wrong address when used with a custom widget plugin
application-context.xml problem for springiness actionscript
Subversion cross-file keyword substitution
changing list's editorial type from lookup in sharepoint
Correct way to give users access to additional schemas in Oracle
Magento onepage issue
How to use 'someof' in quickCheck (Haskell)
how to store dates without times in sum data
populate an nstokenfield with item from a container of objects
How to auto activate WordPress widgets? (New Widgets_API WP_Widget class)
Remove CA from before teh $ in magento
linqtosql and the penis access not legal on type exception
qt configuration on windows
test a file date with knock
problem saveorupdate object hibernate (a different target with the same identifier session)
Rolling forward the archivelog and online redo logs to the restored database
Visual Haskell 2008
QT GUI internals - widget painting?
Programming visual studio macros
magento & vertnav propagation
Can Phonon be used for capture or transcoding?
better way to accession tuple(other than compeer case)
can i go back and edit comments on an svn checkin
osx & windows growth -- for newbies
creating an congeries blog?
Intermittent Problems loading type
Oracle dbms_scheduler - react to change of system date
Program for viewing MATLAB figures without MCR library
trac fivesome fogbugz
<on-start> Expression
What is the best Mac OS X software for making architectural diagrams?
Drupal - saving created pages and page edits leads to an incorrect, blank page.
oracle pl/sql interrogation order by issue
SVN: Is there a way to mark a file as "do not commit"
Rewrite content served by apache
Web SVN for Windows?
Visual Studio identical token highlighting
csv file. excel is automatically converting my text to a date. bad excel.
Getting the Wordpress Rss file
How can I find the absolute maximum or minimum of a multi-dimensional matrix in Matlab?
magento - difference between import all products/import merchandise stock?
Copy SVN Repository
scala isn't allowing me to execute a mountain file whose way contains spaces.same java code does.what gives?
ajax contact and jquery
magento - create a global office
Retrieving value (not display item) of DropDown
Add incremented property to IEnumerable by group using LINQ
Drupal Views combine 2 columns into 1?
How to connect HttpServlet with Spring Application Context in web.xml?
Is there any way to only update added files?
how do i svn add all unversioned file to svn?
Haskell lexer problems
how do i show the 'blog last updated' sentence in wordpress?
how do you make a button remove a row with meat data in an outline view?
Hibernate 2nd level cache invalidation when another process modifies the database
is there any way to make excel conserve xml attributes in base element?
Magento - Adding to the Layout
mod_dav_svn loading error on centos 5
How do you link 2 web parts on a SharePoint Page?
scala way to define functions accepting a List of different numeric types
Vaadin and Spring MVC Integration
Drupal site - Memcache Connection errors
How to see Oracle Table Logs ?
call valang validator in MultiActionController ModelAndView method... possible? how?
Excel: removing formulas but keeping the answers as text
Linq: How to Assign to Related  Entities ?
How to run svn-populate-node-origins-index on Windows
Is it possible to integrate ajax toolkit into mvc appliocations?
find out if install script streak on macintosh or linux machine
Using VBA to change Excel data
apache automatically restarting itself every pair of requests
how do i find the routine of times a file was revised in subversion?
Testing SQL query on Oracle which includes a remote database
What is the most efficent way to get a Range "set difference" in Excel Automation?
how to connect to mutiple database in hibernate
Excel process not ending in Cluster environment
Concise Haskell book
Magento Admin Dashboard graph displays "no data found" sometimes, how do I remove that?
stopping sharepoint workflow programatically
mod_rewrite: periods from uri gone in the inquiry drawstring
NSArray to C array
Oracle - Is there any effects of not having a primary key on  a table ?
Do a complete flux of work on bash script
drupal module nested menu detail
How do I report progress while executing a LINQ expression on a large-ish data set
how to get tomcat working on windowpane 7?
Vectorizing for loops in Matlab
sharepoint: how can i find all the pages that host a particular network part?
subversion cherry picking
How do I deselect all cells in an NSBrowser
Drupal language negotiation
deleting mysql records with ajax
ajax back release with dynamic content
drupal lookup engine does not index my usance nodes!
Hidden features of Qt.
macintosh os x: cggetlastmousedelta and moving the mouse programatically
Spring MVC vs JSF
what is the difference between ObjectQuery and "var" ?
What should be in a two days Hibernate Training
C# Linq to VB.NET (not a From In Where ... query style)
scala / lift example of form processing
Duplicate a list
how to get serial issue from hard disks? "mac"
function working on functions of Array[T] or List[T] or Iterable[T]
Apply function to all elements of collection through LINQ
default value for pivotchart story filter/page field
magento chnge feture merchandise change
Center an NSView within an NSScrollView
How to manage a large dataset using Spring MySQL and RowCallbackHandler
Where is TFS work item help text displayed?
a way to parse terminal output / remark ? (.bashrc ?)
Need Help with Magento Mini-Search
QDockWidget - remove handle
Sending login information via AJAX
problem with RewriteRule and apache
How do I open a new visual studio instance using EnvDTE?
Looking for info on custom drawing of interface components (Cocoa)
Best way to distribute Excel spreadsheet with VBA
ms excel: how to enter free-form schoolbook in cell with drop-down-list?
how do you handle code packaging in a sharepoint environment?
Error handling in Haskell with Either monad
Haskell sorting of an unorderable list using a proxy order
what is the best way to backup subversion repositories?
Oracle - Select where field has lowercase characters
preprocess mapping for cck node types
Does Apache basic authentication defend brute force attacks?
How to efficiently processing 300+ Files concurrently in scala
SVN - How to make an older revision the head revision?
Observing self in Cocoa
Qt +hiding window after startup
To upload an excel file as a clob
linq to objects - where hunting within a lean
Qt single EXE with lgpl?
can i install visual studio 2008 express with quint 2005 ?
Capturing a Map to embed in a Wordpress Blog post
VisualStudio: How to save the obj folder somewhere else
How to access the uiserID of the user who initiated a workflow
Export Drupal Content?
Accessing Scala Parser regular expression match data
Bash globbing - autoexpand for a few specific cases?
how to transform array argu from object_c to javascript?
Qt "connect" syntax is very long. Is it any tricks to make it shorter?
In hibernate how do I always use db server's timestamp?
ACL architechture for a Software As a service in Sprgin 3.0
Custom styles for custom widgets in QT
how can i only commit attribute modification without the client recursively going through everthing?
How can I connect to an Oracle database as SYS using an ADO connection string?
assigning "active" class to navigation--wordpress
ORA-12514 after rebooting server
Deploying CAS policies in Sharepoint using the solution framework
Javascript/css/php/mysql to collect user email addresses on a placeholder website.
How can I prevent a main menu item with sub items from being clickable in Wordpress?
How to do transform a tree using Scrap Your Boilerplate?
wordpress: can 404.php page send values to header.php?
Qt commercial licenses?
Showing generic class eg Table<String> in xml comments in visual studio.
Increase Magento User Session
How to reverse a QList?
Visual Studio Error: The "GenerateResource" task failed unexpectedly.
Magento 'loses' categories when entering a subcategory.
Reloading/Refreshing Spring Configuration File without restarting the Servlet Container
Mapping Hibernate "Custom" Subclasses
Need help with some Hibernate relational mappings
part of white pixel
match tuple with null
Apache FOP: Displaying UTF-8 Characters in PDF (without embed?)
where are java preference stored on mac oxygen x?
FSEvent weirdness on Mac Leopard
cocoa + what ui element should i use?
QDialog popping up another QDialog
How to instantiate an instance of type represented by type parameter in Scala
how do i rank client based on user-rating, number of comments etc. in drupal 6
Grouping data with sum
When updating from a SVN respository, is it possible to update another repository, too?
Remove duplicates from bash history
Submit multiple value when using Ajax.Request and Starbox
how to create a stored subprogram in oracle which accepts array of parameters
AJAX refresh script
Qt Build Error
org.hibernate.HibernateException: No session currently bound to execution context
Can I define Default Sort order in LinQ
How can I change the SID or an Oracle XE instance.
QtCreator 1.3, Qt 4.6.2 and build problem with cmake on windows
getting only one proportion of indexes from the getselectedindexes function in qt?
Committing binaries to SVN
Contact form using PHP and jQuery form plugin
name crash between airfield labels of different datatypes in haskell
execute immediate over databse link
create user booklet like userfolder/ticket and manage on a server in c#
sharepoint: how to programmatically manage spfolder and splistitem permit
How do I make Subversion (SVN) send email on checkins?
What is tab #13119 on  my VS 2008 toolbox?
Problems loading a configurable product in Magento
Cocoa: [statusItem setView:myView] makes a white bar menu item no matter what
USB Driver Development on a Mac using Python
How to handle proxies when using QNetworkAccessManager
calling a SP which returns a long select return using LINQ
Penalty of using QGraphicsObject vs QGraphicsItem?
Filterable SPFIeldUrl in default view.
Why have "while(1);" in XmlHttpRequest response?
ambigous type variable erroneousness msg
Need help adding files to a subversion repository.
What are some good intermediate problems and projects for learning Haskell?
monitoring idle time during mac development os x
Confusion over class resolution in Oracle java stored procedures
Integrating Visual Studio Test Project with Cruise Control
Oracle query to get book-name?
enabling mouse and paste keep in command line vim
hibernate deletion
Visual Studio 2005 - 'Updating IntelliSense' hang-up
Question about extensiblity of Cocoa Touch Controls
How do you explicitly animate a CALayer's backgroundColor?
Many types of String (ByteString)
convert coffee app to mac installer...dmg
WordPress: Image In Every Post
best lyric suited for scanning many files for a keyword (called from a cocoa app)?
Run Visual Studio 2008 Macro on Pre Build Event
HibernateTemplate Composite Key fetching value null
Mac OS X/Bluetooth: Programmatically disable simple pairing?
matlab quickie: test if text file is empty
Excel Comments - Max Length in 2003
Always Commit the same file with SVN
Idiomatic IO with scala
learning drupal fast track: how to create a stackoverflow clone?
Svnmerge and a file replaced with a directory
is there a mode to generate a unique identifier (in sql server newid()) in excel 2007
QFontMetrics::leading() returns 0
bash: save in a variable the number of seconds a process took to run
drupal webforms module - form results say "array" instead of grade values
is there a wordpress "lightbox" type of plugin that works on the iphone ??
how do i create effigy roll over nav buttons in wordpress
What does "bean X is injected into bean Y" mean in context of Spring framework
Unix commandline history substitution ^foo^bar (for multiple replacements)
Facebook updates posted to wordpress blog.
How can I determine what roles are required to access a URL with Spring Security?
code interpretation control when developing in .net/sql server 2005 on a mac
Implement IP camera
Hibernate Specific DDL Generation
How do I copy my entire working copy between hard drives?
how to handle line breaks in data for importing with sql dockworker
SVN -Change directory structure on an existing repository
What is detached  persistance and transient object in hibernate ?
Another question about iPhone application state
Excel find and replace a character to create a new cell
Resultset logic when selecting tables without a join?
custom product in drupal or oscommerce?
How to make Qt work when main thread is busy?
excel file too big , which format to convert to imporve processing time in scripting
HibernateTransactionManager(Spring) with multiple Session Factories
send multiple responses on one ajax request and react on clientside
Wordpress: Accessing A Plugin's Function From A Theme
Bash: Getting standard program for file type
Naming convention for Qt widgets
what are some enjoyment cases for various dispatcherservlet.detectallxxx flags?
specific format for a  title in a Sharepoint Website?
Force an svn update command to overwrite current files
Does Hibernate 2nd-Level cache invalidate when running a JPQL update statement
modem.oqpskmod -> modem.oqpskdemod not same result
best direction to ajax-control table rowing
Property declaration for to-many fields in Core Data
How to know the line of a bug in a spring generated bean ?
DRUPAL: combine CCK image and videos in a common ordered list. Possible ?
How to play a mp3 file from within the Ressources folder of my application ?
How to tell Wordpress category page to call specific sidebar
How to export "autonumber" field from one database to another using hibernate?
programmatically create a spring context
How to check syntax in bash (without running the script)
reading stdin multiple times in bash
Comment Author Link on Wordpress
Performance running ClearContents is very slow when WrapText is enabled in Excel
Need help with Apache Rewrite issues
Automated builds of branches with SVN
lazyinializationexception with transactional annotation in messageconvert
Spring security and Struts 2
connecting web parts in sharepoint
Is there a .Net interface to Oracle SQLPLUS?
Apache | AB | socket: Cannot allocate memory (12)
SOAP and Spring
Getting Excel 2003 to interpret a pasted number with leading zeros as text (works fine in 2007)
How to confire Apache to work as proxy (load balancer) for j2ee server?
hibernate : how to configure the flush after every rw-d operation ?
How do I ensure that I am dynamically linking my application to the Qt framework in Qt Creator?
How to get Visual Studio's designer to render CSS correctly in an ASP.NET Web User Control?
Spring Webflow Best Practice
How to glob variables in bash script
recalculate dimension on every change of another attribute in core data mo.
Update the results of a SELECT statement
oracle tables in one view
Missing Visual Studio features when running in 64-bit mode
intersection of two line
[Matlab] Saved EPS image different than plotted chart
SharePoint 2007 Publishing site developtment and deployment
Howto use mongoDB bindings for haskell.
Modifying Qt core components/widgets, best practices?
free downloadable product in magento
Multiple actions upon a case statement in Haskell
Apache htaccess on Win2k is not being processed
Using Apache mod_rewrite to remove sub-directories from URL
when should i use disk syntax for data declarations in haskell?
oracle: program not forking correctly in select case assertion on a date
Mac OS X Terminal: Map option+delete to "backward delete word"
Ensure a subprocess is dead in Cocoa
SharePoint 2007 - SQL Query to find a list of documents in site collection
Hibernate Oracle and Character Encoding
Javascript and AJAX, only works when using alert()
How do I use Spring's IdToEntityConverter to do my Entity Type Conversion during form binding?
Removing title from wp_list_cats()
Sharepoint: Is there some OOB way to delete provision files?
Visual Studio (or resharper) variable and method coloring
Deploy Qt+Boost application on a Mac and Windows.
ascending/descending in linq - can one change the edict via parameter?
Reading data from a serial port in matlab
How do I create image roll over nav buttons in Wordpress
drupal form alter
Updating a checkbox in Excel 2003 from a background thread in C# fails sometimes
A Gentler Introduction to Functional Programming
what is the correct way to determine that an AJAX call is successful?
Learning Spring MVC For web-projects
IEnumberable.Except wont work, so what do I do?
How can I turn off the majority of hbm2ddl's output in the console in Ant?
LINQ version of TOP PERCENT
Haskell: HStringTemplate inheritance example?
How to get all changes with an svn update, using TortoiseSVN
How do I programmatically retrieve previous versions of master pages from a SharePoint site?
Scala non-covariant immutable Set
Visual Studio Tips on getting headers that are used in a given project?
Hide/Show controls with AJAX
Running X11 Server on MacOS X - and connecting from a remote machine
Check permission on item in list
what does this matlab procedure do?
wordpress post appointment changes on update
Optional parameters with named query in Hibernate?
How would you make a Checkbox Cell only display on a Certain Entitys Rows in An Outline View?
Hand Coded GUI Versus Qt Designer GUI
Magento : Converting currency before sending data to Google Checkout
How Granular are your SVN "projects": one big project containing several releated apps or one "project' per app
How to inject dependencies into HttpSessionListener, using Spring?
Need to increase PHP memory_limit for specific directory NOT entire server
Scala: Something like Option (Some, None) but with three states: Some, None, Unknown
Help with Tricky Linq Group by for time ranges
spring form file cannot parse elements defined in my own schema
How do I determine the maximum and minimum value for an Oracle NUMBER column?
Is there any way to silence the 'hold' function in Matlab
How do I delete 1 file from a revision in SVN?
Direct access to keyboard events in OSX
Is Hibernate entity callback methods are only called by using EntityManager
Mac Terminal.app annoying bug - How to fix it?
how to make this if statement in do
Working out which cell Vlookup refers to
Convert content from excel cells from string duration to number of minutes
Drupal + Nginx + Php-cgi :  502 Bad Gateway error
how do i change which version of python mod_python america
How to get the call graph of a program and with a bit of profiling information
Spring XML inner bean question
Apache, SVN and mod_python
web based application server effectuation
How to construct unequal width histograms with Matlab??
In Qt how do I get a button press to set a spinbox to a certain value?
How to decode "application/x-qabstractitemmodeldatalist" in Qt for drag and drop?
Recommendations, thoughts, tips and tricks, or peanuts on moving from wordpress to django
Oracle 10g - An invisible column?
Cannot get started with mod_rewrite
Oracle SQL technique to avoid filling trans log
How do I abort a MATLAB m-file function from C/C++?
Is it possible to customize magento admin area
Excel xth letter of the alfabet
ASPX or ASHX as ajax server page ?
Am I allowed to declare a lifecycle interceptor on an interceptor?
development on SharePoint v.s. development on Lotus Connections
Drupal API: how to load a module dependency from another module
Oracle TEMPORARY TABLESPACE
where do i find the wordpress "promote" class?
magento usage field defines product
things to consider for qt application development on winXP on atom processor
Good book for learning Sharepoint development
inserted  custom option not displaying only displays after refresh
Mac OS X / Good terminal template
How do I write a for loop in bash
OR operator in Drupal View Filters
Ajax deep linking?
HELP!Performance issue with Apache, PHP and Symfony~
Using Spring by Creating Multiple ApplicationContexts to manage bean life time - is this okay?
Haskell lazy I/O and closing files
Are PHP processes called via AJAX cancelled on "ESC"?
Why does a SelectionKey registered to a DatagramChannel return a SelectableChannel in Scala but not Java?
Firing a Drupal Rule (or any PHP logic) based on a threshold
Drupal 6: CAPTCHA on a custom form
Apache/Tomcat error - wrong pages being delivered
JavaScript and CSS
How to reduce linkage time for large project written in native Visual C++ ?
Oracle packages in version control?
Magento Ajax cart - the correct way
how do i write storedprocedure sub-classes to call vaticinator functions?
drupal views: how to create a web form for each user
WSS Change Page Layout
Customizing pages view in Sharepoint
Hibernate: unmapped class association exception
Why Visual Studio doesn't create a public class by default?
how do i determine the maximum and minimum value for an prophet number column?
Loading data into a Cocoa view before the application loads
What are pros and cons to use "wordpress theme framework" instead blank theme?
vectorizing loops in matlab - functioning issues
haskell global var
Sharepoint: Deploy Custom Lists and New Columns in lists
Visual Studio tip
Get children count via HQL
difference between regalia and tilt in scala
a newbie question on Linq To Sql
Does the @inline annotation in Scala really help performance?
use apache behind placeholder
Cocoa Keyboard Shortcuts in Dialog without an Edit Menu
Create drag-drop graphic when installing OS X application from dmg
Intent of Spring form command
should i remove qdebug lintel for release?
Easiest way to do idle processing in a Scala Actor?
linq- combine multiple list<t> and order by a value (.net 3.5)
SVN performance after many revisions
Operate on values within structurally similar types in Haskell
matlab image processing 3d
Writing a time function in Haskell
Detecting the number of ORACLE rows updated by a OCI OCIStmtExecute call
Send asapMail without reloading page using ajax
Drupal Photo Gallery Tutorial
What's the cheapest mac development box possible?
How to parse the file name and rename in Matlab
matlab - int array to binary array
UNIX/OSX version of semtimedop
any readings/books recommended for a beginner mobile qt developers?
cascade on many-to-one association in hibernate
Set that match both arrays in Scala
.NET 3.5 Linq Datasource and Joins
maintaining configuration differences between dev and live environments during deployment from SVN
SVN Remove File from Repository without deleting local copy.
wordpress menu position
how do i change the url for the wordpress source archive page?
Visual Studio 2008 Unnecessary Project Building
LINQ to SQL entity column name attribute ignored with guid primary key
Retrieving a curent and most recent previous value (Oracle)
How to hide Services item in QMenubar on Mac OS X?
How to get the name of the current git branch into a variable in a shell script?
Drupal 7: How do I import a RSS feed?
How to draw & export a transparent image with Nokia Qt C++ ?
Scala actors: receive vs react
svn update is not updating!!
How do I create an FSRef from a NSString containing a path?
Where can I find documentation for Excel's Pictures collection?
how to add filterclass into applicationContext?
Plotting data on time (date) axis in matlab
String representation of objects as in Scala REPL
Have you actually convinced anybody to Scala?
How To Post Articles To Wordpress Programmatically?
Can I make this code work with Shortcut Recorder?
How can I query my subversion repository?
What is MACID ?
Scala build tool and test framework that play nice together?
Need some help with Scala's instance variables
Problem with URL rewriting for same .php page
Capturing audio input from microphone, with Haskell?
Merge a 1 x N array to a 1 x 1 array without using loop
Sharepoint SSL Web.Config access issue.
Implementing a factorisation method in Haskell
How can I add a hover class to an element?
Please suggest direction for my small scala project
Shortest way to swap two files in bash
Apache with SSL - How to convert CER to CRT certificates?
grouping nodes in drupal with taxonomy
Hibernate - Problem in parsing mapping file (.hbm.xml)
magento - how do i create a shopping cart price normal automatically?
For Qt 4.6.x, how to auto-size text to fit in a specified width?
CocCoa Application
mistake handling in ms excel vba
How do I go from 1.4795e+004 to 14795.00 ??
Oracle - select AND delete in a procedure
What's an OCCI context and environment?
Problems decoding a file strictly with Binary in Haskell
php/sql/wordpress: grouping a user lean by alphabet
Why is Magento trying to call in the Mage namespace rather than my custom namespace?
Streaming Data through Spring JDBC, unkown length
Individually Execute All Files in a Directory
Resharper and ViEmu Keybindings  ( and Visual Assist )
How do I access the onresize event from a SharePoint Web Part?
Hibernate mappings: Splitting up the file
how to get weights of figure in excel in this problem
how can i get around the same descent policy?
n-queens in haskell without leaning traversal
debugger warnings while viewing StackOverflow?
Apache: multiple ../ in query string = internal server error (error 500)
function over sublists in scala
vociferation to drupal_render() returns null
Prevent Oracle minus statement from removing duplicates
Scala: how to create XML nodes from some collection
PortalSiteMapProvider
Apache loading queue problems
migrating moss 2007 from sql 2000 to sql 2005 - supplement
why does an excel vsto addin trial slower on a higher spec machine ?
QT & UDP-Socket
Do I conserve memory in MATLAB by declaring variables global instead of passing them as arguments?
Qt Python: QTextEdit - display input
prophesier performance using functions in where clause
graph database to store several time based data values, result of simulation
Linq Not Retrieving Correct Items in a Big Table
IntelliSenss for XElements object with XML schema
hibernate not using where clause with inner join
Is there a Scala unit test tool that integrates well with Maven?
Oracle External Tables: Advanced Flat File Layout
Creating a list of Anonymous Type in VB
Handling wild card subdomains with Apache, excluding www, including SEF
What's the difference between different mapping types in Hibernate?
Oracle SQL: LEAST() returns multiple rows...?
configure apache to use different unix user explanation (www-data) per site.
Modifying the pretty printer from haskell-src-exts
WordPress home page duplicate content issue. Need a resolution to avoid Google smack
Simple AJAX query failing in chrome/safari
Awk strftime on Mac OS X
Saving settings in matlab
Add new in magento
Magento 3.1 - Left Hand Menu
is there a way to pause an NSTHread indefinitely  and have it resumed from another thread?
getting variable values into a text string | MATLAB
shark crashes on processor bandwidth shadow
has anyone successfully re-created the ecb menu on the data form www part?
How to set Visual Studio as the default post-mortem debugger?
Excel: how to create a number in a column according to a text value in other column?
i need to have a field where you can show an hour in sharepoint 2007
Spring Open JPA
Reading java .properties file from bash
Where next, after Haskell?
qt maker - opinions and thoughts
Solution: Per application, or per application suite.
Possible: Program executing Qt3 and Qt4 code?
What is the most wanted SharePoint feature?
how do i externalize named queries in a hibernate annotation app?
hibernat sesson problem new
in magento 1.3.2 which file is responsible forstoring the data of payment gateway options like Mastercard visa AMEX?
How do I map a nested collection, Map<Key,List<Values>>, with hibernate JPA annotations?
Extract all matching substrings in bash
How to get the paint event for Buttons in QT
Status bar on bottom of window that looks like interface builder
Easy way to embed svn revision number in page in PHP?
Problem setting up SVN & WebDAV in Ubuntu
Embedding inline advertisement in nodes in Drupal 6.x ?
Best way to implement TouchesMoved
How to query distinct values from map with given key in Hibernate?
See binary instead of hex in Binary file while in a shell like bash.
Bash script to create symbolic links to shared libraries
NSView with variable number of items inside
in oracle, is it possible to "insert" a pillar into a table?
Does anyone know if Hibernate and java will work effectively with Access?
How do you transform a Linq query result to XML?
discoverer item in some point
How can Scala receive multiple parameters in a method definition?
How do I use regular expressions in bash scripts?
Why am I stuck in this AJAX submit loop?
is there any way to hook a debug function into a hook such as init and retrieve every php function whose operates there ?
Spring DI, Domain Model & best practices
Oracle SQL Developer not responsive when trying to view tables (or suggest an Oracle Mac client)
Can ${var} expressions be nested in bash?
How to bind a key to sigkill in bash?
persist and rearrange the order of meat data disc
How can I chop down a transaction in Spring with JPA?
Rewriting query string using mod_rewrite
How to tell QWebPage not to load images?
Wordpress: How to Put a Function inside PHP?
sharepoint web portion management
Can we only use the front-end of wordpress without any front-end ?
Wordpress Content Box not formatting correctly.
Shortcut to collapse to definitions except regions
Excel copy and paste
mod_rewrite redirect to URL with propietary protocol
What is the best way to create help documentation for an Excel VBA solution?
How to avoid Excel localizing object names and breaking macros?
How save XPathExpression result to separate XML with ancestor structure?
Problem scripting a HTML header request with netcat
Drupal 6 Views: Constraining fields which are not the "primary" node
How modern is C++ language used in Qt?
Can one host multiple store on Magento Community Edition?
integrating external rootage in a bod
Examples of Cocoa/Objective-C and Distributed Objects?
How does Spring resolve views?
BASH ^word^replacement^ on all matches?
Hibernate one-to-one mapping problem.
Using PackageMaker to run a script on install
f# volt haskell, which is better for general purpose programming?
ms excel 2003 - simple unselect interrogation in excel vba when dealing with shapes
Excel Add-in doesn't get the hint
Hibernate HQL: how to use a complex left join fetch
Bash Script Calls another bash script and waits for it to complete before proceeding
sharepoint development
running ping with qprocess, passing code always 2 if host reachable or not
How to add custom uploded images to cart in magento 1.4.1.1?
Get sheet names in Excel95 workbook using OleDB
Excel Objext in asp.net
How can I debug WordPress in IIS?
Using Undercover with ScalaTest and Mavern
Allow Oracle User to connect from one IP address only
is there any wicket-like www framwork to use with scala (not lift)?
How to use the Platinum uPnP SDK?
ConstraintViolationException VS DataIntegrityViolationException
drupal's hook_preprocess_page not working as expected
Mac OSX fullscreen application problem
Removing parts of a cell
what is the easiest path to have a local lamp installation for web ontogenesis on mack os x ?
How should SharePoint Visual Studio projects that share each other's code be managed?
wordpress -> showing impost data from child pages + pagination
Check if Screensaver is Active using Mac Bash Script Command
Functional equivalent of if (p(f(a), f(b)) a else b
Magento Dispatching and Catching Events
visual studio keep adding blank business
Quickest way to get started with OS X app development?
rewrite this RewriteRule
Subversion: Generate a full diff from every checkin that includes username
How to assign keyboard shortcut to Source Control commands in Visual Studio 2008?
Matlab: Analysis of signal
Oracle connection problem on Mac OSX: "Status : Failure -Test failed: Io exception: The Network Adapter could not establish the connection"
QtScript: how to reload current script?
How do I sum together file sizes in bash, grouping together the results by date?
Why does authorization fail when I commit to svn using VisualSVN?
Can I make an Apache running on Windows case-sensitive?
SharePoint - How can I customize NewForm.aspx in custom feature?
AJAX leading to more "chattiness"
FK and M2M realtions in Magento
MATLAB's fminsearch function
Is there a way to specify outlining defaults in Visual Studio so that a file opens up with members collapsed by default?
Static methods vs repository pattern with Linq2Sql
job using find function in matlab
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/643853/customaction-not-appearing-in-listview-web-part-for-splist-that-does-not-inherit
Magento; private/public filesystem layer
Qt, Getting the text when QPainter::drawText() is called
Qt linguist & google translate
lambda functions in bash
"Publish" to pdf
Wordpress register_activation_hook() + global variables + class problem
Why the name 'Hibernate' chosen for Hibernate?
problem attaching ubercart scene to relevant content
new argument characters get submitted differently
newbie question: ajax not "capturing" consequence without refresh
passing / forwarding effect to a sub-object in qt
Load any file type  into matlab
Wordpress : always display comments with articles
string contains in belt
Cocoa Helper app
Redirect all IPs except those whitelisted
Nesting Apache Tiles Template
Navigating backward and forward with the mouse in Visual Studio 2008
haskell and type definition of functions. couple of questions.
I want to create a form in share point that allows the booking of time on a timetable
Excel: Removing duplicates in one column while retaining highest value in the adjacent column.
testimonial on tools to migrate from clearcase to svn?
How do you enforce the minimum OS requirements in a Cocoa app?
patter matching for custom read function
AJAX Response not working in FF
kickoff php, apache?
Sharepoint as a high volume information system
When to use the equals sign in a Scala method declaration?
Apache - Reverse Proxy and HTTP 302 status messsage
how do i show the number of images attached to a post on the image adhesion page?
How to make the Excel broken autofilter indicator go away?
drupal  problem with creating word document files
Drupal image upload issues
Problems trying out happstack-tutorial
Constraint error in hibernate
Error while adding Attribute in Magento 1.4.2
How to retrieve indentity column vaule after insert using LINQ
Confused about LINQ parameters
How to programmatically confirm a user in Magento?
osx protection framework nameandpassword sample application
Excel 2002 Web Query screwing up en-GB dates
texture function in matlab
Can you write Cocoa apps with HTML/CSS and Javascript?
Iterators for mutable collections in Scala?
Translate a Field's Label in a Drupal Content Type
need supporter with continuations-error "found cps aspect in non-cps position"
how to secure AJAX interface accepting GET requests.
Is this the proper way to initialize null references in Scala?
can i make an apache running on windowpane case-sensitive?
Spring 3.0 orm with jpa2.0 ClassCastException
Magento Rule Model override
Interoperability by using Spring and Hessian ? Is it possible ?
How to change the product display order in magento
Authorize and then Capture programmatically using Authorize.Net in Magento
is there a way for keeping a variable from changing inside recursions, in haskell?
HTTP GET and POST
QWebView not loading external resources
How do I update a constraint on my CALayer?
Haskell: -fglasgow-exts should one avoid code that requires this?
Scala: Constraint on generic class type
wordpress - how to make a page with no parent appear in a subnav card
Spring DefaultMessageListenerContainer, ActiveMQ and message redelivery
How to choose an input using an explorer or GUI in a matlab program
visual studio or resharper cutoff to close currently selected file in ide
Make Visual Studio's Find in Files default to the project directory?
how to configure Magento in my local xampp
How best to convert a SharePoint multi-user field string into an array of SPUsers?
How do I run another web site or web service side by side with Sharepoint?
Does Scala's BigDecimal violate the equals/hashCode contract?
How to get next active item in a list with linq.
Reporting Srvices Add-in for sharepoint products error
spring custom namespaces with maven
SVN Merge help
how can i set the covering information on a session using the oracle thin jdbc driver?
Customize header of "Create <content type>"
Infinite loop in haskell? (newbie)
My oracle listner to shuts itself down, what could be happening?
Is there any game engine in Scala?
how to insert record in join table of many to many hibernate notation
Excel: What's the best way to get the value of a Relative Row but from a Fixed Column?
Is there a way to write a group by query in LinqToSql grouping not on a scalar value?
How do I use su to execute the rest of the bash script as that user?
mackintosh excel 2008: macros?
Best practices for a single large SVN project.
Wordpress Plugin or quick php function for conditional image size
How can I *prevent* Apache2 from setting the Content-Type header?
Is there a customizable form in drupal similar to the contact form?
absolute values in Haskell
in Excel , in my pivot tables when i drop down the row fields, value filter option is disabled
How to interpolate the coordinates of a vector on an image using matlab?
What is the best way to sort using a GridView and LiNQ?
complex variety design in sharepoint
How to substitute a string in bash script
bash to beep if command takes more than 1 minute to finish
can excel conditional formatting employment udfs in the condition?
MSBuild directory structure limit workarounds
"invalid handgrip object" when plotting 2 figures matlab
Skipping exceptions when using map in Haskell
IE hanging, using 100% of the CPU
QtWebKit, QWebElement::setPlainText() problem
un-recognized selector sent to representative error.
Is there a tool for emailing Shelveset's and History items from within Visual Studio Team System?
Run ready function on a page that is pulled in via AJAX
can someone explain this article about enforcing airstream safety in scala.
Populating child collection property with LINQ sub-query
How to determine an Oracle query without access to source code?
How to cancel a long-running Database operation?
How to get the size of a range in Excel
Visual Studio: How to figure out where this type is defined?
scala: defining main method that can be used by 'java'
Am I using NSTimer correctly in iPhone View-based app?
Visual Studio - show all calls to a function in source code level
moss alternate access mapping
what is the real variant for "apache/2.0.63 (unix)" in a http response header?
gossip author link on wordpress
Visual Studio: Where is intellisense in the immediate window?
Using Google Table inside jqueryui ajax tab
405 Error uploading file
Any way to rename image filenames?
How to make an ASP.Net page with a C# code behind that will work in Sharepoint
MIDL generates the same file for /env win32 and /env win64
Is it possible to add Web Parts to the My Profile page of My Site?
Squashing or editing some commits before doing git-svn dcommit?
control size of report using report viewer for ssrs in w
strategy to avoid hibernate lazyinitializationexceptions
How to change tint color of Cocoa's NSLevelIndicator?
wordpress - skip category varlet if only one post in category
how do you use shell script variables as contention to sed?
observeValueForKeyPath:ofObject:change:context: doesn't work properly with arrays
Clean up before closing the QCoreApplication.
Using subversion for web applications
Bind QTcpSocket on dual-homed host
You do not have sufficient permissions to access this page.
Sharepoint List redirect with new id
How Do I Intercept Banner in WordPress?
Haskell Parsing Error
Timing a Curl Operation in Bash
how to add content to the right structural block in magento
Code version control when developing in .NET/SQL Server 2005 on a Mac
What's the best way to compare two sheets in an Excel workbook
facebook footer bar ajax!
Find the corners of a polygon represented by a region mask
Magento : Call to a member function count() on a non-object
How to get CURL to save to a different directory?
Do ping requests put a load on a server?
OSX - Retrieve user id of logged-in user from a system service
running python code from standard chocolate application
compute child table values in formula airfield of hiberntate
What's the difference between .bashrc, .bash_profile, and .environment?
Problem in using indexes with SQL Server 2005 and Hibernate
using static wordpress login form on front page but links to another wp install?
email from bash script
MATLAB - use a string to set the title of a graph
copy and paste cells if duplicate columns , excel macro slightly different interrogation
Excel: How can I return the results of a function to a cell
Magento; dispatch multi store
Different coloured fly out menu
plist bundle version values
springiness deployment-level configuration
Problem adding item to sortable list
Excel Macro Language
How to make binary distribution of Qt application for Linux
Folder structure for many projects in one SVN repository?
Drupal How to see document attached to Node for anonymous users
lists searches in SYB or uniplate haskell
Access denied problem in AJAX
@Autowire strange problem
Oracle: OALL8 is in an inconsistent state
Why this Either-monad code does not type check?
Enforcing that a class posts a particular NSNotification?
SharePoint - Adding users from Active Directory in a custom administration form
Drupal | How do you integrate a module into views?
Simple Haskell graphics library?
Apache comes back with nothing
Ajax POST method converts my "+" value in a string  to " " why?
Displaying series of bitmap in form of a movie
How to upgrade wordpress and it's plugins flawlessely and without facing any trouble?
granting a drupal function to all users that have a certain role
Flex tools for Mac
Any solution to the Today Calculated Column problem is SharePoint?
scala and lift and sessionvar that loses it capacity
Terracotta With Hibernate and EHCache
matlab code for the horizontal mean filter
How can I program ksh93 to use bash autocompletion?
Streaming Dynamic Files from Spring MVC
Download attachments in one file
Refactoring plug-in for Visual Studio 2003
No Hibernate Session bound to thread
magento : manually imported intersection partially saved
Any reason to use NSViewAnimation over CoreAnimation techniques?
How to register multiple servlets in web.xml in one Spring application
SVN - Project in multiple solutions
Hibernate - EhCache - Which region to Cache associations/sets/collections ??
How do I add additional languages to the sla.r I use with my .dmg?
drupal custom card positioning
Use LINQ to concatenate multiple rows into single row (CSV property)
binding NSTextField to NSNumber
SVN and revision numbers
How to make clipboard ring appear in VS2008 toolbox?
in which appendage to sharepoint 2007 workflows run?
P tag is not displayed in html editor for Wordpress
getting theme data from the style.css file in wordpress
How do I get a code window to split vertically in Visual Studio 2008? (not HTML mode)
Abstract class memory management in Cocoa
use oracle cursor within a sys_refcursor
Credit card processing between Magento & Oracle
Dealing with incremental server response in AJAX (in JavaScript)
Alternatives to multimethods in Scala or Jython
New Line Haskell
Wordpress Hooks
Apache Integration with Lisp like web language
how do i platter timetamps in a macosx c++ program?
What are the advantages/disadvantages of using Oracle Auto Segment Space Management?
Scala import java package appending com
oracle parcel in version control?
Shared Worksheet with Macros in Excel 2003
What advantages does  C++ have over other languages for Qt development?
Perform OR on two hash outputs of sha1sum.
MSExcel 2002 calling Web Services.
do i still need to learn about managing retention now that objective-c/cocoa has garbage collection?
How big of a security risk is checking out an svn project right into production site?
ETL , Esper or Drools?
QT vs. Delphi and Align possibilities
How could I post an XML file in a web context
using frameworks in a command line tool
How to get and display post's "position" in the query?
How to declare a function in Cocoa after the function using it?
Getting an other program output as input on the fly
linq stash and disposing datacontext
Mac OS X: trying to link (ld) against a framework.
Hibernate/NHibernate : how to persist subclass as instance of superclass
Is there ANY way to suppress the browser's login prompt on 401 response when using XmlHttpRequest
Spring/Eclipse 'referenced bean not found' warning when using <import>?
How could I use the QColorDialog widget inside another widget not as a separate dialog?
How do I find how much SVN traffic I'm using?
magento - Product page 404 error.
Magento - Send emails for different order status
Apache 2.2 localhost VirtualHosts problems
Hibernate NullPointerException In Loader Class
SharePoint Feature or Physical Files?
mixing "using" and "on" in prophesier ansi join
Get Spring Security intercept urls from database or properties
Displaying build times in Visual Studio?
Can Hibernate's @Version consider changes in related entities?
Can I create a COUNTIF calculated column in SharePoint?
Sharepoint Web Services Tutorial
Wordpress vulnerabilities test scanner
query limit issue with php and mysql (drupal 6)
How to query a date in HQL (Hibernate) with Joda Time?
Will Oracle optimizer use multiple Hints in the same SELECT?
How many files do search engines index per directory
What's the difference between a CoreAnimation Layer Backed View and a Layer Hosting View
Mac HUD window in Qt
detect if an ASCX/ASPX is running in SharePoint?
Mutual recursion -- can someone help explain how this code works?
Variables as commands in bash scripts
job with arraylist items and hibernate
attribute select magento query
How to setup a Subversion (SVN) server on GNU/Linux - Ubuntu
[Apache] RewriteRule removing trailing dot.
How to draw different surfaces with the same colormap in Matlab
Haskell Monoid Join Function
Listing Apache Derby Active Connections
How to make a clickable header in wordpress?
Using Cocoa to detect when a running application plays audio
How can I make a Maybe-Transformer MaybeT into an instance of MonadWriter?
Unknonwn Format: JPG - ruby on rails-  OS X
Plot Overlay Matlab
Apache AllowOverride equivalent in Lighttpd
How to find out whether subversion working directory is locked by svn?
Handling and syncing own custom version of an open source library with SVN
Change the language of a website in Sharepoint 2007?
Make visual studio deploy a folder's content without having to update it in the project
How to do a search? (bash)
does drupal and yui swordplay well together?
Eval to variable failing (w/Crontab)
wordpress inline effigy - does it ignore the right margin values?
mrdivide function in Matlab- what is it doing and how to do it in Python?
Cocoa: Memory management with NSString
Mixing Static Strings with Views Arguments
Dynamic selects in LINQ
multiple messagesources in bounce configuration files
Is there a haskell function for dates?
How to upload the default checkout procedure in magento
How to manage column based access control in Sharepoint lists?
Can I use Oracle SQL to plot actual dates from Schedule Information?
XAMPP: I edited PHP.ini, and now Apache crashes
Building a scala app with maven (that has java source mixed in)
Modifying SharePoint app Web.config file with Forms Based Authentication
How well does SVN work for Office 2007 documents?
How does one write the Pythagoras Theorem in Scala?
Is it possible for a MATLAB script to behave differently depending on the OS it is being executed on?
how wordpress can un-slug a title
signaling and slots for customized year
automatic shape reinitialization in spring
Custom OneToOne Hibernate/JPA Association
adding a custom gadget to qt designer
issuing with programming general hybridisation correlation (gcc) in matlab
How to create xhtml query strings with Scala?
Spring JDBC connection pool and InputStream results
Cancel External Query in Excel VBA
help wordpress contact conformation 7 issue with input breadth on radio buttons?
Saving nodes with a filefield
Best toolkit for new Web application (odd requirements)
Why does -[NSTextStorage replaceCharactersInRange: withAttributedString:] sometimes, sometimes not honor fonts in other character sets?
Can I block search crawlers for every site on an Apache web server?
What is org.springframework.orm.hibernate3.support.BlobByteArrayType good for?
Adding more information onto the $user object in drupal?
Drupal sudden excessive memory usage
How to remove JS:Illredir-S [Trj] (virus) from website ?
Linq SaveChanges question
Best way to organize MATLAB classes?
Drupal's profile_save_profile Doesn't Work in hook_cron, When Run by the Server's cron
can i configure a product like this
Single DispatcherServlet with Multiple Controllers
Making hibernate not include fields from joined tables in select clause
Different results when applying function to equal values
Hide link to a view if it's empty
help me understand the difference between clobs and blobs in vaticinator
Question about Qt slots and multiple calls
SSRS Report from Oracle DB - Use stored procedure
Drupal administration theme doesn't apply to Blocks pages (admin/build/block)
Visual Studio C++ Debugger: No hex dump?
How do I customize the auto commenting text in Visual Studio?
How to timestamp request logs with millisecond accuracy in Apache 2.0
resharper and viemu keybindings ( and visual assist )
bash script to edit xml file
N-queens in Haskell without list traversal
.NET VS2005 WinForms: How do i drop a user control onto a form?
provision a webpart
In Spring, how do I use a ClassPathXmlApplicationContext to get an EntityManager?
How can I divide a bound array in parts that automatically fill the table?
optimization settings in quint
How do I setQueryTimeout on SimpleJdbcTemplate?
How can I access informations about connected storage devices on Mac OS X?
fountain mvc domain object handling best practice
hibernate enquiry not returning full object
I need to block my feed completly
The cost of nested methods
How can I make sure that FirstOrDefault<KeyValuePair> has returned a value
Setting the NSBrowserCell image using bindings?
How remove iFrame from wordpress admin panel?
magento 1.4 very slow on localhost
How to port from Drupal to Django?
GHC type inference for higher rank types - assigning to monotypes
bash, dash and chain comparison
hibernate SELECT..WHERE.. IN (value1, val2...)
Drupal Menu System - Outputting a Tree One Level Down
What's the best way to validate a user-entered URL in a Cocoa application?
Excel TreeView multi columns
Calculating the Moving Average of a List
safe keyboard shortcut for activating code completion style functionality in mac os go browsers
Techniques for removing old data on Oracle databases
verification permission on particular in list
Qt Visual Studio 2008 Add-in problem
Inheriting std::istream or equivalent
Removing the block "Popular Tags" from the index view in Magento
Sorting a list using Lambda/Linq to objects
Magento Admin Custom Sales Report
spring webcontent resources - accession outside servletcontext
Naming convention for Spring application context XML
OSX: changing path of dylib
Apache: Caching a DEFLATE'd file.
Drupal: Complex filtering/sorting using Views Fast Search module
Exporting an SPGridView to a document
Get WordPress Post ID from Post title
hibernate - component mapping vs custom value type
Are there any tutorials on building a simple interpreter using Alex + Happy?
matlab cube size and memory management
Does Hibernate auto-rollback programmatic transaction for unhandled exceptions?
Bash scripting problem
What does the "ONET" in ONET.xml stand for?
sending asynchronous petition on clicking a sharepoint web part clit control
wordpress add comment like stackoverflow
Alternative for View Filter Block for Drupal 6?
Is there an easy (idiomatic) way to convert a java.lang.reflect.Method to a Scala Function Value?
Hibernate MySQL transaction configuration issue
WebSphere and PropertyPlaceholderConfigurer
Calling performSelectorOnMainThread => Multithreaded app?
Why this is not throwing any type error?
[bash] outflow a string for sed search pattern
How to create argument tokens (C++ in Unix)
drupal feed aggregator
command key as meta key in os ecstasy terminal.app
How to open a web page from QlikView?
Different Roles for 2 different type user in Drupal
How do I fix this Subversion MKCOL error?
having fuss writing my fmap
.htaccess and seo-friendly urls
Cocoa Threadsafe Mutable Collection Access
Compile scala classes with debug info through Maven
Visual Studio Memory Usage
How to create an Oracle sequence starting with max value from a table?
Magento - Display Attribute Admin Title
Duplicate entry error in MySQL/Hibernate
Hibernate mapping error
Does DRUPAL and YUI play well together?
Apache rewrite url need help
Autocomplete for the ruby command in bash
How to put a menu in Magento backend that can be included in permission->role resources
SharePoint - get value of calculated field without manual parsing
Excel ODBC and 64 bit server
Hibernate Example OneToMany with compositeKey
Cocoa - Localized string from NSDate, NSCalendarDate...
AJAX Drop Down Extender problems updating Textbox with selected index value
convert f(x,y) to a 2-D matrix
What is the best tool for creating user guides with screenshots on MAC?
optimizing an orm-based manakin post-launch
Spring context XML validator for eclipse?
How to view error messages from ruby CGI app on remote server?
Where is the best place to put a DB query in drupal?
Apache Response Time
internally redirecting to another file in Apache
how do I add a parameter to an ajax call using jquery?
How to split up a file into modules in Haskell?
Can I use a block when defining a Scala anonymous function?
Favicon.ico on multi-domain sites?
For C++ MacOSX app, what threading library to use?
Using lazy evaluation functions in varargs
Trouble configuring AspectJ LTW with Tomcat and Spring
Linewidth and precision of ezplot
Spring security - SecurityContext.authentication null in taglib and jsp but ok in controller
64-bit Qt and Postgres in Windows
Submitting a list of Items to Database with Linq datacontext
link error when using boost library on MacOSX
svn: a versioned directory of the same epithet already exists
Download page template for Wordpress
Tool to automatically reformat whole C# source tree in VS2008?
Drupal â€” Fatal error: Class 'Memcache' not found
linq to sql OnLoaded() with SQL View?
How to add enviromental variable to VS solution (.sln )
Urgent! Magento never run my module's sql install/update script!
how to make a big query on an asp page for an oracle db
likning simple products to configurable product via goop api v2
SharePoint SPContext.List in a custom application page
More simple math help in bash!
Why Scala is Very Complex
Is it possible to replace the Mac login screen?
custom attribute UI in Magento admin
How to handle this exception?
how to define a structural type that refers to itself?
How to exclude files from Visual Studio compile?
Perfect hash in Scala.
Automatically find the revisions to merge in Subclipse
Does an ORM integrate with existing applications or do I not understand?
SharePoint - Determine the Site Definition used to create a Site Template (.STP)
MATLAB: Reading floating point numbers and strings from a file
Put Links at the End of a Page ( Drupal)
Feeding an Excel QueryTable object from memory
changing a user created control based on contentedness of input from js tied textbox
Magento - How to include pagination in special price page?
How to prevent svn from expanding $Id$ keyword?
magentoâ€”problem overriding adminhtml cube
spring webflow: cannot get flow murder url at action phase of portlet
Custom List Compare dates in Sharepoint
how can I build cabal-install on eeePc 701 / Ubuntu Netbook Remix 1.6 (Lucid)
Magento: Catalog Page 1 different from other pages
Validating parameters to a bash script
Testing sucess with shipping enabled vs disabled in Magento
MATLAB How to divide a matrix into equals parts?
how do i check the active solution contour visual studio built with at runtime?
Turning a matlab binary matrix into a vector of the last nonzero index in a fast, vectorized fashion
NSTableView selection & highlights
Setting mod_python's interperter
Using %TYPE on a record field in PL/SQL
How do you do a join in LinqToSQL?
How to avoid storing credentials to connect to Oracle with JDBC?
Modifying a spreadsheet using a VB macro
Hibernate: Parent/Child relationship in a single-table
Creating temporyary JMS jms topic in Spring
How to add several dependent records with LINQ2SQL
Table view not updating according to bindings - Part Deux
theming the nonpayment search results varlet in drupal
Apache RewriteRule: it is possible to 'detect' the first and second parameter?
drupal and google search appliance (google mini)
How to upload (FTP) files to server in a bash script?
How can I use linq to sort by multiple fields?
how to disable spring bean loading log
How long does it take to create 1 million threads in Haskell?
Drupal 6: Using Organic groups for Educational page
Calling custom PHP inside Drupal
does subversion merge diff or just update rescript on unmodified files
Calling an blocking Actor from within an Actor
Spring's PropertyPlaceholderConfigurer with property in a jar file
Getting desktop background on Mac
PHP/SQL/Wordpress: Group a user list by alphabet
[Excel] Populate list via a bi-Condition
How can i add form in excel sheet
How to capture worksheet being added through Copy/Paste in Excel VBA
how covert post into othe language in wordpress?
Install macruby to specific directory?
MOSS SpNavigationNode.Children always empty
Can I use XMLHttpRequest on a different port from a script file loaded from that port?
Magento: What is the best way to extend Magento to add a class that is called on every page load
how to show grouped products thumbnails within magento product particular view?
What's wrong with this mod_rewrite statement?
why does prophet think i'm missing a right parenthesis?
using a tradition url parameter in wordpress (with permalinks)?
Run php in Drupal template uncached
Most efficient way to store simple data in drupal 6 and share with views?
How to automate svn: How to automate commit transferring between branches
running matlab function from java
Qt, Mouse skipping, not updating every pixel, mouseMoveEvent()
LINQ Query skips without exception. Why?
Oracle client x32 and x64 coexistance
[NSView setFrame:] not working?
Add a single Bash command
Need a good jQuery/AJAX tutorial (form upload related)
macos : lean windows and detect new windows
SharePoint forms authentication sites
[Haskell]Calculating a product recursive only using addition
Spring-AOP
How to instal libgluezilla for MAC OS X
what's the best case 4 oracle jdbc driver?
Best way to let third-parties work on your site
oracle 9i: how can i determine, using metadata, whether or not an indicant is clustered?
finding ajax post url without access to informant
how do i add an microsoft ajax machine complete textbox to an existing asp.net 3.5 sp1 web application project?
How in Scala to find unique items in List
How to create unboxed mutable array instance
Wordpress Thesis theme
how to add fields dynamically  when using hibernate
In Cocoa, how do I set the TTL on a packet?
Are there are any Cocoa-based Data (ER) modeling applications for Mac OS X?
GetListItems Webservice ignores my query filter
Running an MVC application through IIS results in "Directory listing denied"
How can I exit [NSRunLoop runUntilDate]?
Debugging problems shutting down Apache Tomcat
how do i most elegantly express left joint with aggregate sql as linq query
Double click a NSTableView row in Cocoa?
Mac Dev - How to refresh view for 2d game?
Apply dynamic properties to a bean at runtime
HQL multiple updates. Is there a better way?
error while sending mail
observing properties with usance accessors
How do I make matlab legends match the colour of the graphs?
How to add javascript to page on login and logout in Drupal 6
Core Data simple relationship in code
Create subdomain upon user registration
.htaccess redirect with fragment
Scala: can't write setter without getter?
Server command via AJAX interface
Excel Interop: Formatting Footers
Oracle: Global namespace qualifier for function?
Fewer connections in a Qt calculator
detect constriction on program and use opencl to speedup
Wordpress: how to make a post template with a fix image placement??
matlab precision determint problem
Configuring mod_rewrite and mod_jk for Apache 2.2 and JBoss 4.2.3
Are Rank2Types/RankNTypes practical without polytype variables?
Format the output of qDebug for QMaps
save graphs in Haskell
program to find the answer of primitive recursive functions
how to disable personal contact form alternative in drupal user account creation.
scala override methods in child object of class
Is there a wordpress plugin for creating an API from your site?
Why does my Out of the Box SharePoint Navigation look like it is leaking memory
How to make svn diff produce file that patch would apply, when svn cp or svn mv was used?
is there a direction how to run matlab script from specific line without gui?
Can a Bash script tell what directory it's in?
Can anyone tell  me about the Event Handler or Callback on switching of the front process on Mac?
Why does VB have more LINQ keywoards than C#?
Why does this mod_rewrite expression not append the existing query string correctly?
How do I hook into the Wordpress login system to stop some users programmatically?
Symbolic Math in MATLAB, solving simple integration
how to get the most of out laptop shelling
exposition on arrows
combing an external event grummet with qt's
SharePoint through Web Client Service (webclnt.dll). CreateFile fails
What are the relationships between Any, AnyVal, AnyRef, Object and how do they map when used in Java code?
How can I display an environment variable from within Exce?
Apache2 Reverse Proxy to an end-point that requires BasicAuth but want to hide this from user
how walker class in wordpress work
Magento: Set a product to not be visible in search or catalog but the url still exist
Handling large amount of structures in MATLAB
is there any opengl example so that iodine can run on macos?
Forcefully trigger a rule in Drupal?
Spring Web Flow  Error MEssages
[Visual Studio 2003] Setting environment variables in pre-build event and using in compilation step
run Matlab in batch mode
POST versus Ajax call
Conversion of bytes into a type without changing the application (ie storing the conversion method in DB) with Spring 3.0
Safe and polymorphic toEnum
$$ in Bash.
Automated Apache Server Maintenance Page
Magento & vertnav extension
Elementwise ifs in matlab - do they exist?
WAS 6.1, Hibernate, Spring and transaction managmement configuration
Progress Bar in perl
Sharepoint - Permissions?
LINQ Except operator and object equality
How do I order a Group result, in Linq?
Browser language based 404 pages with mod_rewrite how to
How to add a Hibernate property that's really a query
chocolate document-based applications
It there a framework for running unit tests on Apache C modules?
How do I achive the below using svn ?
Lighttpd and WebDAV for serving a Subversion repo
Scala default values behavior
LINQ query question, needs joins
Preserving leading white space while reading>>writing a file line by line in bash
MATLAB - Redefine YTickslabels
how can i access informations about connected warehousing devices on mac os x?
Add a date picker to system.xml on custom module
HIbernate Query taking very long time
nested CPS "reset"
Editing checkboxes in a Matlab GUI
Drupal: Add onchange code to option_widgets in form_alter?
"Log In" and "My Account" have vanished from Magento top-links
how to get all credit lineup details entered by customer till now in magento?
Import button + File browse field in admin product grid in magento
Cross-browser implementation of "HTTP Streaming" (push) AJAX pattern
How to set programmatically two different Excel formulas for every other
Best way to get post info into variables without displaying them in Wordpress
linq help - entrant
Possible to change location of the login landing?
wordpress get_categories() issue
nested if argument returning zero if nothing entered in cell.
cant query json
creating polymorphic recursive case in haskell
Noob Question: Wordpress Looping
apache ant command air arguments without double quotes - is it possible?
More required for Selling Videos, E-book, Softwares using Drupal 6x
Sharepoint 2007 document management
lazyinitializationexception in fountain
Hidden features of Haskell
null pointer exception at org.hibernate.tuple.AbstractEntityTuplizer.createProxy
Wordpress admin section cleanup?
Idiom for achievieng imperative wiring in a declarative Spring xml config?
Matlab matrix translation and rotation multiple times
Why is flatten declared on GenericTraversableTemplate?
Authorize.net Wrong Merchant Type From Magento
Opening terminal windows with bash
Best method to peek into a Scala Actor's Mailbox
How do I create a lock/unlock button and behavior in my secure preference pane?
hibernate/spring: persisting collecting
Easily (GUI?) creating custom VS project template?
determining and arranging items on lenght in ienumerable<t>
Is there a way in Hibernate to set not-null to true on save but not delete in a mapping config?
Is there a way to peek inside of another Oracle session?
Multi-threaded BASH programming - generalized method?
is there a linq-y way to union collection belongings of a collection of objects?
How can I tell which sessions are tracing (after a call to DBMS_MONITOR.SESSION_TRACE_ENABLE)
Concurrent Processing in Scala
Ajax jquery synchronous callback success
linq/xml: grouping issue properly within xml element
Linking Qt in a dynamic library
Duplicate SharePoint MOSS site without content
Problem with flooding menu?
using item in a inclination as arguments
How would you recommend adding an image as a custom field in WordPress?
Using LINQ to query flat text files with fixed-length records?
Why does declaring content as a string cause WinHttp not send HTTP content in Excel VBA?
What's the best way to determine which version of oracle client I'm running?
Should I use Delegate Classes if I want items to be edited using a dialog in Qt?
SVN Client integrated with OS X's Finder
hibernate lazy initlaization elision
how to search a varchar field, using linq, to build a lean of recommendation
sharepoint hunt with variation site
how do you declare a by-reference parameter variable for function in a linq query?
Why is hibernate open session in view considered a bad practice?
enum board in hibernate/nhibernate
Vertical scrollbar scrollup-scrolldown images look jagged on Qtopia machine
Enforcing https connection
Bash completion for make with generic targets in a Makefile
background picture in an effigy map
Filtering Sharepoint Lists on a "Now" or "Today"
How do you add context senstive menu to NSOutlineView (ie right click menu)
Referencing Oracle user defined types over DBLINK?
Get text field info out of loaded webpage - Mac OS X Development
Magento - How to translate the module mini-form search
spring multiple property file
Qt: Session Management Error
hibernate: LazyInitializationException: could not initialize proxy
Comparing 3 output lists in haskell
Wordpress Default Widgets
Add content between Wordpress queried posts
Would you like to continue and run the last successful build?
Solving a determinant in matlab
converting a train to an integer in oracle
How to find the most dense regions in an image
How can I tell my wordpress to do something in the header if its a blog page?
join collection to get the customer name (for admin grid)
Custom Ajax Extender - Collection Property
How to make a return type for a result set in LINQ
Scriptaculous autocompleter is slow
SPCrossListQuery fails to bring back results
creating a .dll on a mac: .dylib or framework?
How do I dynamically update the name of a worksheet in Excel?
Customizing dockable windows in Visual Studio
Reading CLOB column is slow...
Oracle / Python  Converting to string -> HEX (for RAW column) -> varchar2
WSS 2.0 - Creating SPSite with a user token
Web Interface identical to QT user interface
How get VS HTML editor to default to single quotes?
Why does AsQueryable throw a StackOverflowException?
What is matlab good for? Why is it so used by universities? When is it better than python?
firefox: bit.ly links in the sidebar of a customised wordpress blog gives a 404 error
problem using map with a inclination of lists in haskell
matlab: displaying markup (HTML or other format)
How to implement efficient sorting algorithms for multiple processors with Scala?
When should I use record syntax for data declarations in Haskell?
Problems with the PHP script to generate the licenses in Aquatic Prime
How to prevent the OS X text layout engine from automatically "flipping" lines with right-to-left text?
Preserve SharePoint display formatting on my custom SPGridView
haskell polymorphism and lists
Mac : I want the file open dialog in an app like Xcode to open in the last-visited folder ...
Ajax: Definition vs Implementation?
Pixel perfection with UIButton to cover a UITableViewCell
Are there any examples/tutorials of using Spring 3.0 with Cassandra as a backend?
is there any advantage of webservices over web-pages for providing ajax content?
drupal - after each user log in, how to direct to each user's specific page? - thanks in advance
Hibernate/NHibernate mapping file editor
How To Check for an Index in Oracle
Makefile Error in Matlab Real-Time Workshop
How can I point Visual Studio 2008 to a new path for projects?
creating a popupwindow from html, not a file
Change default author in local svn repo
Does LINQ and Lambda expressions reduce Cyclomatic-complexity?
How to test an AJAX application that is pulling data from a live website?
Why are my property get_ and set_ not exposed in an AJAX Control?
what is scala way of finding whether all the elements of an regalia has same length?
Move wordpress from home web server to web server hosting account
wordpress get_categories() outcome
Recalculate attribute on every change of another attribute in Core Data MO.
Exception thrown in a referenced .dll how do I debug?
Spring 2.2.5 and Xfire 1.2.6 - NoSuchMethodError: <init>
NSPredicateEditor and relationships
Using Min, Max and Count on HQL
Qt4: QAbstractTableModel Drag and Drop w/o MIME
Spring MVC 3.0: Avoiding explicit JAXBElement<> wrapper in method arg
casing script templates
how do i set up radio clit in excel?
Theming the default search results page in Drupal
Query string used for AJAX not refreshing.
including Qt headers in DLL
how to make the apple handwriting file configurable ? can apple scipt file, shipped from window ?
Developing an Application using Wordpress as a base?
How to do median filter on an indexed image using MATLAB?
Qt4.5: Using event-loop based localsocket before app.exec
How can I find the revision history of the file that was deleted and then resubmitted to SVN?
SharePoint Workflows - How to associate with specific content types (particularly folders)?
overriding a magento block in multiple modules (and how to ignore the other ones)
CSV for Excel, Including Both Leading Zeros and Commas
choosing row form a file
Excel XML Line Breaks within Cell from PHP DOM
How to display a SharePoint friendly "Access Denied" message
Changing NSApplicationIcon across a running application?
How to design Floating tool bar in Qt 4.5.2
Find and Store (Regex, PHP)
Problems using eclipse Hibernate plugin - could not locate sessionfactory in JNDI
synchronizing code with two corruption repositories
a sufficant agency to show logs in a graphical interface using whiptail bash
Using svn for general purpose backup
A question about cross-domain (subdomain) ajax request.
How configure a RESTful controller in Spring 3 with annotations?
How do I execute a PHP shell script as an Automator action on Mac OS X
Spring struts and forms
How do you start debugging a Cocoa app with a URL?
Shared httpd.conf
turning a matlab binary matrix into a vector of the last nonzero forefinger in a fast, vectorized fashion
Can't I use annotation to indicate a bean is a primary bean
Getting data from sharepoint into drupal
best room to get post info into variables without displaying them in wordpress
How do I test if a column equals empty_clob() in Oracle?
When upgraded wordpress, got an error "Fatal error: Call to undefined function require_wp_db()" How to fix?
compeer overlapping patterns with capture using a matlab regular expression
add element to an an announcements list for a specific user
Do you have to have SQL Server installed on a machine if the connection string using is a path to a .mdf File?
what would this sql enquiry (w count and radical by) look like when translated to linq?
hibernate orm for a scene
what is the fastest fashion to load data into a oracle database with .net?
ajax stake method using jquery
Wordpress Help on post
how to check Excel Server is present or not?
How to check if gcc has failed, returned a warning, or succeeded? (in bash)
How to profile methods in dependent assemblies in a unit test instrumentation performance session?
How do I send automated e-mails from Drupal using Messaging and Notifications?
How can I retore svn control if the .svn folder has been damaged
Dynamic Linq To Sql With ComboBox and Column.Contains
Cannot see my drupal page, when set with online server.
assistant on integrating oracle bi into existing lotion
Why can I run a Bash function with the 000 permissions?
what is the conflict between a var and val definition in scala?
Using NSPredicate to filter an NSArray based on NSDictionary keys
How to use the alt/option key as the "meta" key in NetBeans on OS X
Setting up NHProf for Hibernate
OS X Keychain's Password Assistant feature via Terminal
Change text cursor (caret) colour in Cocoa?
iodin have finished c. should i learn matlab next?
svn update not working in berth commit
Algorithm for best-effort classification of vector
Oracle Data Dump and Data Restore
How to update a postgresql array column with spring JdbcTemplate?
How to Count Duplicates in List and Sort by amount of Duplicates with LINQ
Visual Studio - Prevent stopping debugging from closing Internet Explorer
Weird apache behavior when trying to display urls without html extension
Processing messages concurrently in an Actor
Are there alternative methods for saying 'next' in a pl/sql for loop?
MATLAB feature function
sharepoint task list doesn't send email on detail origination
Need to add selector to child UL in WordPress menu
Using Range Values with Find
how to reassign the address of a named chain in open office vba?
Magento saving multiselect in controller ?
Get the entity previous  version in Hibernate Envers
Basic excel date and time problem
way to improve this code
Feedly is based on what ajax framework?
HQL order by within a collection
How to serve PHP dynamic images efficiently on a LAMP server?
apache mod_rewrite affecting files inside sub folder
JavaScript - How do I call a function from a string name and pass an array object?
How to I launch an on-screen keyboard from my application on Mac OSX?
Using a constant NSString as the key for NSUserDefaults
can Use Hibernate and Tomcat Connection pool at same time?
linq iterate a control compendium
Sharepoint OnWorkflowItemChanged is out of control
How to migrate a 3rd party web part from SharePoint 2 (2003) to SharePoint 3 (2007)
Time Machine API / Command-line scripts ?
install java se 6 on a mac without software updater
Using QFileSystemModel in a QCompleter
How do you manage .vcproj files in souce control which are changed by multiple developers?
Changing font tracking in Cocoa
Scala profiler?
help on integrating oracle BI into existing application
How do you programmatically turn off eager fetching with hibernate?
How do I display a ratio in Excel in the format A:B?
attempt to create saveOrUpdate event with null entity
how to create a very large matrix using matlab
Showing an array of certain pages with WP_Query in Wordpress
Detect OS from a bash script
problem with Excel automation function
Drupal and Ubercart - Add order that customer can pay for online? Bill customer's order without having them manually put it in their cart?
Jquery AJAX not working on IE 7/8
How can Oracle User Profiles be put to practical use?
scala: tracing implicits selection and other code magics
Copy Excel worksheets, macros, and graphs from one workbook to another, moving links to the new workbook
Excel OpenText method
is there any good free creature for the mac, to draw uml and object diagrams?
linq and comparing two engagement columns
How do you create a new site template for my sites?
drupal: extra search block?
How to import file into sqlite?
Display Ajax Loader while page rendering
It seems the mode rewrite in .htaccess apache is not working
Magento images not showing on front end
How Do I Restrict All WordPress Widgets To A Given Category?
vaticinator 10gr2: prevent any dates that fall on a sunday?
QPainter colored text (syntax coloring)
macbook vs macbook pro for .net ontogeny and other stuff
Passing properties to a Spring context
Ajax large screen refresh
Find or Create Element in LINQ-to-XML
Qt how can i get content of web-page?
How to theme a node differently depending on being inside nodereference
Workflow with user selecting Destination doc library
Is there a better way to find midnight tomorrow?
spring embedded ldap server in unit exam
How to allow Users to request access to a particular document in SharePoint?
LINQ in ASP.NET -- only returns results when ran on localhost
howto use mongodb back for haskell.
Factory methods for implementations of Java interfaces wrapped with Scala implicits?
Can svn:externals be used while ignoring externals for that URL?
magento image upload trouble ....
Getting data from a QTreeWidgetItem inherited class
Is it possible to access the previous/current value of a proxy object using KVO?
Qt jpg image display
Getting Apache to modify modify static webpages on the fly
limit oracle / aspx enquiry time
How do you setup a linked server to an Oracle database on SQL 2000/2005?
Sharing Files in SVN
Substantial Android development in Scala
Need VB to make Excel calculate a sheet or range in realtime and in the background
Hibernate Self Join
Display Posts from a category in Wordpress?
'continue' keyword in seer 10g pl/sql
Oracle DATE Index
advantages of vs 2008 over quint 2005
Drupal: No themes are rendering
Mac OS X Programming and distribution
hibernate lazy loading + t-shirt rest = eager loading?
class not found exception in hibernate
Replace css file for Topsy wordpress plugin
Access Excel Programmatically
How can you work out the ID of a users MySite
Spring FactoryBean and scopes working together
The Matlab equivalent of pyton None
garbage collecting scala actors
How to split a file and keep the first line in each of the pieces?
illustration on when not to use linq
How to implement very large scrolled view in Cocoa
Haskell speculative parallel execution
Best way to parse command line arguments in bash
WordPress as a CMS option
Drupal: Is it possible to insert php variables from one node into another node?
forcefulness library linking with qt and google test
Qt: How to set QMenu to align to the right of a toolbar?
How do I emulate 'include' behaviour in Matlab?
bash script executting su statement
Reattaching to an orphan process in QT
Updating HTML via JSON/AJAX
Sidebar Behaves Differently on Wordpress Archive Pages
how to inject fountain beans into a jsp 2.0 simpletag ?
Visual Studio MSTest run failing to even start
setting a sharepoint site theme through a entanglement service?
"type wrongdoing in conditional" in haskell
How to I distribute a Mac OS X with dependent libraries?
how can i add additional functions to visual studio's waiter explorer?
Hibernate multi level of transaction
draw triangle in trope using matlab
Running Magento for multiple clients Single Installaton Vs Multuiple installation
In Haskell, is there a way to do "elem" on a constructor with an argument?
Equivalent of GetCursorPos() in Mac's Carbon
Javascript timers & Ajax polling/scheduling
What is the difference between a view and a stream?
Hibernate validator error - 4.0.2.GA
Upload File Directly to S3 with Progress Bar
How to set some custom variables on Matlab startup
Hibernate in Glassfish - Ejb3Configuration NoClassDefFoundError
Truncate strings in Excel - is there a function to remove last part of string after separator
"Disable" trasactions in Oracle
com.apple.Dont_Steal_Mac_OS_X
linq to sql, stored procedures and the methods dose
What software switcher (KVM) do you use for multi platform development?
How to pass HTTP AUTH values via prototype Ajax.Request()?
WCF service with Qt?
Excluding one category in Wordpress
Extending the Content Query WebPart
How to create a new figure in Matlab?
svn: locally ignore file when updating
Using Spring Pitchfork to have JEE complaint code that runs in non-JEE container
Cocoa: Quartz, Core Graphics, Context vs View. Oh My!
SQL query in tables side by side instead of one long table
Accessing a VSTO application-addin types from VBA (Excel)
Share a .NET Membership Database with SharePoint?
prophet sql types over dblink
Linq to NHibernate project status? Contributing? Lead?
Not Ajax-related controls in AjaxControlToolkit?
matlab search path
how to remove command line color highlighting of Vista Samba shared directories in Ubuntu?
Imagemagick, Snow Leopard and PDF Conversion
Order Import Magento 1.4.x
What are alternatives to Objective-C for Mac programming?
How to write two-dimensional array to xml in Scala 2.8.0
software development on mac
Bash: for loop, copy, backup
Magento guest checkout option not showing up regardless of allow guest checkout setting
Disabling serving PHP files from a folder in .htaccess
Grails formRemote redirects rather than to just call method
How do I tell rsync to run only if the destination directory exists?
howto create an Ajax Popup Form and submit the form
How haskell tail recursion works?
how to get more class listing from magento in all page
bash script execution date/time
Private and protected constructor in Scala
Ajax ReorderList FindControl Problem
QT: reject() closing whole app? Why?
How to add user id in Excel header / footer?
Visual Studio 2005: All projects in solution explorer expanded on first opening of solution
problem with large solutions and service manufactory
What are the names given to these 2 LINQ expressions
matlab in C C++ and  C C++ in matlab
Is there an easy way to provide a Matlab-based Web App or Web Service?
Can a bash function be used in different scripts?
Find class probabilities in matlab PNN and make ROC plot
[Wordpress] How do I return values from custom created meta box?
How to make Visual Studio take automatic actions on check-in?
Haskell graph drawing on Windows
scala actors and persistence context
issue with trying to login to a https secure using apache green httpclient class
How can I use GDB from inside Visual Studio C++ (Express) to debug my GCC Makefile projects?
Drupal Views: Generate xml file
where can i find some good documentation about haskell scheduling language?
Looping Variable Names
Shell Prompt Line Wrapping Issue
Web-based JSON editor that works like property explorer with AJAXy input form
LINQ across multiple databases
How do I work with and XML tag within a string?
SVN errorcode=2 Could not open the requested SVN filesystem
How do you uninstall the Scala Eclipse plugin?
Drupal - Ubercart file download link not working from e-mail.
how to enable .htaccess in httpd.conf on windowpane xp?
Dynamically change ajax toolkit ValidatorCalloutExtender
Using Linq with WCF
vb.net traversing an xls / xlsx file?
Why does Scala have very little Enthusiasm about it?
linq: counting items in subset of queries
Hooking into comment_text() to add surrounding tag
what is the correct mod rewrite prescript to use?
Why does one of these statements compile in Scala but not the other?
scala: annotating accessor methods
MOSS 2007 Document Library - choice column not displaying selected value
Is anyone using valgrind and Qt ?
How to determine ORACLE_HOME from PL/SQL?
How to call a function with Rowtype parameter from a select statement in Oracle
Drupal: Create custom search
Urgent: How to fix this virtual host setup?
search and kind data from several files
Better exception for non-exhaustive patterns in case
What happens when I edit web.config?
How to create new theme in drupal 7
How to change listing language in Magento
wordpress permalinks
save last working directory on belt logout
singleton pattern
spring application circumstance : access web.xml context-params ?
Social/Open Log-In: Magento?
timing the loss branch
How to keep Entity Framework and database aligned
Is it possible to have comments without blog post in Wordpress?
Haskell - How to best to represent a programming language's grammar?
GET vs POST in ajax ?
Is there a good Fogbugz client for Mac OS X?
Error handling in MS Excel VBA
web test to edit a sharepoint pages dimension using visual studio test suite
Hibernate - Avoiding unnecessary join when using foreign key in where close
Wordpress Site Monitoring software / service
Cross domain Ajax request from within js file.
How to run gpg from a script run by cron?
spring roo backup command lost my files
The best 3rd party component for generating excel from asp.net
Ajax call completed event
Problem with WebKit rendering google.com (and a few other sites)
Qt goes LGPL!  On Windows, is it good enough to use instead of MFC?
Visual Studio: Printing all source files in a solution?
x86 Remote Debugger Service on x64
How to make a pipe loop in bash
Looking for QT styling with borderless window Tutorial or how to
Wordpress: How can i move my index (blogpage) to another page (innerpage)?
Dealing with objects returned from cocoa convenience methods
Finding usb drive paths in Mac OS 10.4
Is there a function for checking whether a matrix is diagonally dominant (row dominance)
how can i configure apache to map /talk.html?id=77 to the file that is called talk.html?id=77 ?
DRUPAL: is it safe ? / cron.php ?
sharepoint site plan & implementation: "online manual"
AJAX Call to PHP script gives me 500 Internal Server Error??
How to create hyperlink in Spring + JSP
Data analysis tool like MS excel ...
safe, fast CFLAGS for mex functions in matlab
filter sql query by a unique set of tower values, regardless of their order
Is an NSMutableString in this case more efficient than NSString?
Excel 2007 pivot tables - how to use calculated fields when connecting to a data cube?
Requirements for connecting to Oracle with JDBC?
Session management using Hibernate in a Swing application
Find Mac OSX version installed using AppleScript
sed replace ' with \'
How do I set X-UA-Compatible header to IE=EmulateIE7 for IE 8 browsers using Apache 2.0?
A popup in an Modal window to replace JS confirm and alert - ASP.NET
how to implement pay pal in cocoa objective C application.
MRU list in Visual studio is missing
How to use client certificates in Apache httpd to connect to an LDAP for authorization?
MSVCR90.DLL was not found.
JQuery Conflict with Lightbox2 WP Plug-in and Content Scroll
drupal module - mannikin in block not applying template
apache: return 404 fault instead of 500 errors.
What is the best column for storing XML in an Oracle database?
Can anyone explain why files cant be uploaded using AJAX?
Qt Creator - Opinions and Thoughts
sharepoint  - deploy web service without creating a virtual directory
os x: sending mail to localhost
Add AW Blog link to Magento top menu
how do i turn on argument numbers by default in textwrangler on the mac?
Why is this form of haskell acceptable, but the other form raises a type error?
REALLY basic mod_rewrite question...
jQuery lightbox plugin change apperance of my wordpress site
QTMovie Notification
How to read an word document in matlab
Moving files to a directory
Faster Insert Oracle Hash Cluster Table
Writing MS Word 2007 XML
what is the departure between a svn server and a http server
How do i submit an ajax request before the page is loaded
trying to find the comment hook I need for wordpress?
link an Array Controller to an Array in XCode via outlets
How can I translate text inside controller in Spring Framework 3 ?
sort categories according to date when its added
Seamlessly direct multiple domains to a single set of PHP files?
How to format a input vector from the input data in MATLAB?
Converting from prototype to jQuery - javascript / ajax
Visual Studio 6 Processor Pack compatibility
hibernate - session monitor tool
Sharepoint: SQL to find all documents created/edited by a user
Keeping a "reference" to a row object for a long time
VS2008 Express Editions and Resources
Hibernate dynamic instantiations with collections, is it possible?
Automatically Remove Subversion Unversioned Files
Why does Mac's $find not have the option -printf?
WSS 3.0 - Can not display created custom template lists with web services
Passing CGI arguments to an executable in Apache on Windows
How can you make Game of life in Excel?
How does one create product collections in Ubercart?
How do I use the same field type in multiple lists on SharePoint?
(C++ QT) QList only allows appending constant class objects?
SharePoint OOTB Workflow Problem
Is there any way to programmatically "move" an oracle table definition from one database to another?
matlab - matrix compounding
how do you get search potentiality similar to spotlight or itunes?
most effective row removal strategy for QStandardItemModel
What is your code maintenance strategy for custom SharePoint assemblies?
Whats wrong with this Cursor
Using a MulitpleLookupField in MOSS '07 Layout Page
Spring - How do you set Enum keys in a Map with annotations
strange erroneousness in haskell about indentation of if-then-else
Oracle Builtin String Character Classes
query multiple custom taxonomy term in wordpress 2.8?
How would you put an Image next to a text cell for only parent rows in an outline view?
rest/ajax deep linking compatibility - anchor tags vs query strand
List subversion repositories
drupal + nginx + php-cgi : 502 bad gateway error
MATLAB class array
optional arguments in haskell
Drupal - How can I use CCK to keep a local node copy of Aggregator items?
mfc controller in a qt tab widget
need some helper ordering a linq result.
User Experiences for  Visual Studio 2008 extensions for SharePoint v1.3 CTP
Read the ActiveCell content in Excel using VSTO
How do I fix this Visual Studio keyboard mapping problem?
neural meshwork in matlab
Crop & Resize Images in  Wordpress
Flatten One-to-Many Relationship Using Dynamic LINQ
Expose VSTO functionality to VBA w/o local admin
notification when alter occurs on prophesier database
How to remove a cookie using mod_rewrite
which one of the java leaping books to start?
Hidden features of Bash
C# and Excel files
mod_rewrite or mod_alias ?
Notifying the user after a long Ajax task when they might be on a different page
Haskell: Parsing escape characters in single quotes
using excel oledb to get sheet epithet in sheet order
Resolving relative resources in AJAX content
How to create Linked texbox in worksheet?
how to get the attribute group in magento
Why does this Haskell code produce the "infinite type" error?
qmake and QT_INSTALL_PREFIX. How can I select a new location for Qt library?
drupal best recitation for settings on content type edit forms?
subversion server vs. network depository approach through tortoise
Drupal node_save no longer returns $nid, so how do I get it?
Parse file upload directly without writing to the file system
Add to Magento admin-side global search
Ajax Assembly Error - Assembly {0} does not contain a Web resource with name {1}
Linq Select IList
How do I display breadcrumbs on "Products tagged with" pages in Magento?
(13)Permission denied: access to /cgi-bin/test.cgi denied
Drupal-Salesforce with NuSOAP
Rewrite index.php in Wordpress
Print text in Oracle SQL Developer SQL Worksheet window
GHC parse error which I do not understand
is there a way to use a different URL structure for "static" pages in WordPress 2.9?
Inconsistent display behavior for Quick Launch menu in MOSS 2007
Scala version of Rubys' each_slice?
Oracle 10gr2: prevent any dates that fall on a Sunday?
Compiling Qt using MSVC 2005 and dealing with SxS Windows
How should I rotate a UIView, without altering the location of the touch events I get?
Graphical representation of SVN branch/merge activity
Oracle recommendations for high volume writes and low volume read.
SpringAOP-generated Dynamic sublcass is missing annotation
price filter problem in magento
C# Excluding related values from a list (LINQ)
How to write a SQL Loader control file to load data into multiple tables
How can I query the range of date which one product has not been ordered? (LINQ)
Determine if WindowServer is available?
How to use spring to resolve dependencies of an object created manually?
Qt4: Scale invariant qgraphicsitem outlines
Problem with Oracle Application Server SSL Certificates
fountain configuration error
MacBook Trackpad Gestures: Move active Window
Code Coverage Tools for Scala
How do I call a Sharepoint Webservice from a c# client using Kerberos authentication ?
hibernate lazy initialisation help
SharePoint 2007 Remote File Access Denied CAS
addAttributeToFilter not working in magento 1.4
What exactly does TypeSynonymInstances do?
Iterating through struct fieldnames in MATLAB.
Wordpress previous_posts_link() leads to a 404 error not found
In Applescript, how can I get to the Help menu Search field, like Spotlight?
How do I time a Cocoa app?
How can Hibernate map the SQL data-type nvarchar(max)?
Magento xml action path
Invoke Haskell function with heterogeneous arguments?
Run index.php rather than listing files
How to create a link that triggers printing of a file?
Excel: parse text as formula
Permissions to PHP session files
Preserving whitespaces in a string as a command line argument
prophesier export: ora-31600: invalid stimulation value emit_schema for parameter name in function set_transform_param
svn external sub folder changes not showing in opinion log (tortoise svn)
How does one store and retrieve custom session variables in Drupal 6?
Drupal module for webmaster block management?
Visual Studio add-on gallery?
How to output a menu showing 3+ levels of a page hierarchy branch ?
SVN Problem
Upgrading from SPS 2003 to MOSS 2007
RewriteRule for mapping x.domain.com to y.domain.com
Can I make an embedded Hibernate entity non-nullable?
Automatically log out
SharePoint "Group By" is broken when using "Allow Multiple Values" for a column
Read password protected excel file using OLEDB in C#
map (key ,value)
LINQ to DataSets for MySQL Interop
Extract from Cache.db files on Mac OS X Leopard
Is it possible to see more than 65536 rows in Excel 2007?
Tool for importing Excel spreadsheets
Programmatically set drawing cursor in Excel
How to hide the Dock icon
How to parse POST data in a CGI script with BASH scripting?
"Arrays" in Scala
How to recover from svn hotcopy backups
Ajax Links and jquery
Managing Browser History in Ajax
Hibernate @OneToMany without a separate join table
basic on matlab
nswindowcontroller
Restrict access using SSL certs
how do i set the icon for my application's mac os ecstasy app bundle?
Redirect 404 to another domain with apache?
Codeigniter In Wordpress Page
Drupal 6: redirect Modules
Magento - create a helper class
Can Scala's Actor framework handle 10.000 actors without stack problems?
How to scale a UIImageView proportionally ?
Sharepoint disaster recovery
How do I go about using Microsoft Access (2003/2007) to interface with an Oracle (10g) DB to produce reports?
Migrating MOSS 2007 from SQL 2000 to SQL 2005 - Addendum
Cannot enable Clean URLs on Drupal after upgrading from 6.12 to 6.15
extract filename and itinerary from url in bash handwriting
NSDateFormatter won't parse dates using locale settings?
apache protocol redirect
Powerbook compiler queries
s it possible to use cin and qt ???
Wordpress Update through email
Hibernate 2nd level cache + Ehcache issue when trying to get data (List of object) from cache memory
find formula in excel
Magento - product stock status not changing until manual save
matlab time cast reading
VS 2k8 Doesn't Release File Handle After Debugging Stops: Unable to copy file X to output directory because it is being used by another process.
Any way to do Visual Studio "project only" build from command line?
What good are right-associative methods in Scala?
[Best Practise] Visual Studio Solution Structure for multiple deployable projects
Can I reformat HTML in Visual Studio without removing blank lines ?
Very slow compile times on Visual Studio
How to write an Excel function which returns a value from an SQL database?
Where to store database passwords in a spring application or use JNDI?
loading data into a cocoa view before the application rafts
Which view will be resolved, code from spring's docs
LINQ to Objects - Does Not Contain?
LINQ  to XML question
Oracle PL/SQL Query Order By issue
Hide directories from listing, but don't disable directory listings.
How would you do a "not in" query with Linq?
Run STSADM from ASP.NET under _layouts
Visual Studio 2005: Please stop opening my CS files in "Design Mode"!
add wordpress whatchamacallum to dashboard using php class
Can I get relational data into an Excel Pivot Table
Pass multiple arrays to javascript via ajax
magento block injction via module.xml
What is a good way to edit C++ on Mac OS X?
JQuery AjaxUpload and PHP Max File Size Issue
Drawing a polygon around groups of datapoints in MATLAB
What is the type signature of this Haskell function?
Wordpress page grouping
Apache .htaccess redirecting directory to querystring
how to keep excel interop from stealing nidus while inserting effigy
Drupal onChange auto populate another CCK select list
totaling number in .csv files using excel
Generating simple crud applications in Spring based off existing database or hibernate configurations?
Return value of nth or last match
DRUPAL, Views: exposed filter.. how can I unselect all tags ?
What's the equivalent of Oracle's to_char in AS400 DB2 SQL syntax?
OS/X mimetype handler
Is there any performance difference between myCollection.Where(...).FirstOrDefault() and myCollection.FirstOrDefault(...)
Haskell function taking a long time to process
how do i make sure my bash script isn't already running?
Add HTML markup to $wpdb results in Wordpress
limiting size of http position requests
Using NSTask: app freezing after returning output
hibernate - trouble in parsing mapping file (.hbm.xml)
should i worry about the upgrade path for linq (the question language)
creating inner class with bound
Searching date meta tags in Sharepoint
Use a cat + grep as an included source in bash
Problems while submitting a UTF-8 form textarea with JQuery/AJAX
Possible Wordpress URL rewriting issue
AUTOINCREMENT IN ORACLE
magento setup problem.
Hibernate/JPA/HSQLDB Enum issues...
how to post an epitome to a server using ajax
Why don't Haskell list comprehensions cause an error when pattern match fails?
override save and load of an attribute in magento
QListWidget on freemantle
Getting started with AJAX with ASP.NET 3.5, what do I need on the server.
my jquery ajax mannikin will not post
Magento - get list of items from orders for specific date range
LINQ -Single operator
Wordpress upload from localhost to server
oracle procedure returns integer
How to map a resource file in QT 4.5?
Automatic hyperlinks in Excel?
presenting codification on my personal website
What is the correct way to dynamically set environment variables before running Excel?
adding index field to linq inclination <t> results using c#
help with magento customs module. redirect to another module and return to checkout
files end up in wrong directory after svn copy
bash || within if []; pulley
Bash Script User Input and Display Data.. pls hlep me??
Changing a user created control based on content of input from JS tied textbox
How to run multiple SVN services
How does Subversion handle file permissions and a .htaccess file?
best scala idiom for find & return
How to open DBase files (.DBF) in Matlab?
NSXMLDocumentTidyHTML doesn't tidy some XHTML validation errors.
how to get Min and max in excel depending on another column?
Linking to matlab generated code
wp_insert_post and guid result [wordpress]
state monad haskell
adding mini-login boxful in magento
ability to set the face to italics in visual studio
How can I format date -u so that the results include timezone offset in a Mac OSX terminal session?
can extractors be customized with parameters in the consistence of a case statement (or anywhere else that an extractor would be used)?
Distinct list of objects based on an arbitrary key in Linq
how can i get category particular on shipping.php page in magento
(Apache) Possible to match UTF8 characters in rewrite rules?
Collabnet SVN Log files, are there any?
How to use @sum with CoreData
magento : call a variable from customerâ€™s shipping address in onepage checkout, step 3 transportation method
spring portlet MVC and request params
In matlab, how do I apply a function of two arguments to two cellarrays of equal length?
JavaScript charts - dynamically adding data points
Select a Node in a TreeView with VBA
find recipe in excel
Why doesn't git-svn use the Subversion repositories UUID instead of its URL
How do I change the colors displayed in cygwin rxvt?
Autofiltered List; cross-row formula
QT creator Installation error? - Snow Leopard
iphone 3g network problem
Modify Spotlight metadata for a file outside Spotlight importer?
php date() function displaying wrong time
hemipteran in linq contains affirmation - is there a fix or workaround?
How can I cancel a long-running query using Spring and JDBCTemplate?
Haskell as a highly concurrent server
SVN folder to new repository root
How to upload a excel's data into a List or DataTable without  saving and then deleting the excel file?
Can MacOSX  group multiple NSApplications so they look like one?
How to make a legacy webapp spring aware at the container level for bean autowire into Servlets?
magento cateries display in front end question
Why would you use Oracle database?
Drupal: Which MySQL do I need?
Wordpress Widget auto activate
LINQ to XML: parsing XML file which one of nodes presents type of another node
Protect Plesk login page from search engine eyes
Upload Folder via Mac Terminal
How to encode special characters using mod_rewrite & Apache?
How can I match a function signature without getting type erasure compiler warnings in Scala.
Why does Oracle 9i treat an empty string as NULL?
clear buffer cache on Mac OS X
Haskell -- "The last statement in a 'do' construct must be an expression"
Ajax / Json How to change run an INSERT/UPDATE into mysql
Hibernate Criteria query with restricted associations
os.path.join() in QT?
How to throw an informative exception from AccessDecisionManager that uses voters
bound + tiles2 + freemarker - integrate via freemarker servlet or via spring's freemarkerviewresolver?
Install PDO on OS X Leopard
Hibernate creates two primary keys when I only want one...
Adding to a Tree Controller from an NSArray.
Can you disable autohide animation in Visual Studio docking?
how can i view all historical alteration to a file in svn
C++/Qt download file in sync
Plot data reconstruction reading pixel colors from image files
Subversion auto-props woes
Reasoning about performance in Haskell
AnkhSVN Cannot Connect Due to Proxy
hibernate cascade deletion
Comparing adjacent elements in matlab
How do you get the history of a file/folder property in SVN?
hibernate contour xml
Drawing once per frame in Cocoa
magic apache redirecting for /~username
drupal multiple node build on one page
With svn how do I add a log message to trunk when creating a tag?
Eclipse / Java path problems
Scala and Tomcat -> NoClassDefFound Stringbuilder?
how do you print out a stack shadow to the console/log in cocoa?
Understanding Haskell profiler output - what is ==_a3JO
ajax js serialize not reading build elements
What are all these Visual Studio 2005 files for?
how to link multiple visual studio resolution together?
linq joint several arrays
can apache's proxyremote be used to proxy http requests to mongrel for processing?
Modelling a temporal-style relational table in Hibernate
enterprise variation controller events not firing if full page cache is enabled
magento chnge feture product change
Delete all but the 4 newest directories
Integration of Magento with third party CRM, POS and ERP solutions
How can I set up an LDAP connection pool in a JEE Container?
Magento - Adding Files to Local/Mage has no Effect
how to use a hybridizing validation test with matlab?
free shipping based on product weight in magento
Apache automatically restarting itself every couple of requests
linq to xml noob interrogation - distinct and order by on attributes
Extending existing data structure in Scala.
Looping through wordpress catagories
Very slow merge with Subversion 1.5
MATLAB block size and memory management
Configuring Spring based servlet with sysadmin defined properties
Standalone SVN client for Mac OS X
Hibernate: update to sum from other table
LINQ-to-SQL select filter
how do I package support files in a cocoa app
How can you push data to a web page client?
"Beautifying" an OS X disk image
WordPress - Theme changes overwritten by GoDaddy
Calculate most common values
Scala in java code : $colon
customize the magento default search at front terminal
what is this widget called?
Is there an AJAX Anchor Link?
Scala XSD library
Scala remote actors
How do I map a hibernate Timestamp to a MySQL BIGINT?
Excel: how to start macro recording from OLE
scheme for designing a database (being accessed by hibernate) which will have alot of archivial data.
Stored Procedures in MS-SQL Server 2005 and Oracle
TransactionProxyFactoryBean when switching from configuration-based Service beans to annotation based service beans
How do I enter a DateTime value in the VS QuickWatch window?
bash hand -- logname validation
anybody konws gui dsl on scala?
Spring: Same object, different validation
Magento: Column not found: 1054 Unknown column 'e.display_price_group_0' after rebuilding flat catalog product
How to echo directories containing matching file with Bash?
Ungroup user menu in Drupal
numericupdown control
Apache LogFormat IP Address
Password Protect for fun
mod_rewrite adding unwanted file extension
Retreiving widget data with MySQL query in WordPress
i can't create new project on visual network developer 2008 express
is there a foreach in matlab? if so, how does it behave if the underlying data changes?
Not able to check if user is logged in magento system in footer.phtml file on some pages
How to create a string array in matlab?
ssrs report from oracle decibel - usage stored procedure
posix error 14 (bad address) on open read stream in cocoa. hints?
How many RewriteRules can you have in .htaccess without trouble?
Excel and IE7 - Prevent IE from opening Excel files
How to show the Logged Messages window in Xcode
Limit Oracle / ASPX Query Time
how to use a function-based index on a column that contains zippo in prophesier 10+?
bash and mac os x, open application in space newton
how do i define a search compass "display group" for a site definition
How do I specify a publisher for the setup.exe when a setup CD is autoplayed in Windows.
Is there a Spring HandlerAdapter implementation for Struts?
how to determine optimum prepared statement cache sizing when using hibernate
excel macro that checks every row has unique or blank number
Where are project level imports stored in Visual Studio 2008?
What are the minimum hardware requirements for IIS 6.0 and Apache 2.x?
Is there a "SELF" type in scala thet represents the current type?